20B Austin, TX Analytics: I have a question for my ring if she's still there.
20B Austin, TX Analytics: Sure, I'm Mayra, this is Monica. And I was wondering about the class ring.
20B Austin, TX Analytics: I've been trying to find out where are you order it or how you how that goes. Um,
20B Austin, TX Analytics: And I've been unsuccessful.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, I'll shoot you an email.
20B Austin, TX Analytics: Okay, thank you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There's a date. We got an order.
By
Karen Fireman: Hi, I have a question two is Karen.
Karen Fireman: You all set out or someone said that I sent you.
Karen Fireman: a notice of some of our friends here doing a presentation about their Capstone and also another presentation from Jim from last year and maybe a third one as well. When I tried to sign up for this. You can only sign up for one. Is that right, you have to choose amongst the three
Karen Fireman: I couldn't sign up for more than one
MS Analytics Class 2021: Probably not. At the same time, you have to select one
Karen Fireman: Gotcha. Okay, thank you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I see. German Man Swanson.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So welcome to spray of 2021
MS Analytics Class 2021: For those that don't know me, I don't remember that either orientation. You ever get
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like, I think the last time I had done my three or four hours. So, so I was a former student last 2016 you're saying I said every day for five semesters right now and that spot is a scanner for me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It can get
MS Analytics Class 2021: quite awesome over here. I follow me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I made me see how bigger picture is over here like twice as big as everybody else's stand more mature, the movie of the, of the, yeah, those are talking about all of us have pictures of yourselves on the table and makes us like twice as big as everybody else's
MS Analytics Class 2021: He is
MS Analytics Class 2021: Lazy name but so welcome to deploy rise their models and building optimization model. So this is off back to people again eight or seven weeks and then you get out of work for for seven weeks or however, remains in his 90s.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I thought I was sharing. Alright, so this is obvious also files the PowerPoint, things are you late I uploaded those about a half hour ago maybe confirm that they're out there to take my
MS Analytics Class 2021: Geek library.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So time Mr. Justin Jamie, I was a student. I don't care what you call me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This phone call me later they'll say it right so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Go to this little, little bit because I'm supposed to office hours. So everybody in office hours last year and we we took over the whole time. So I
MS Analytics Class 2021: Will scare you, I want you to think like, oh gosh, it's gonna be really hard and I have to go to office hours, but I'll be there. We'll have fun.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And those are on Wednesdays seven to 830 the zoom link is out there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So there's of course description I won't read that paragraph. So I'll show you basically tonight around the bottom and we go over the outline of what the course is going to look like. Right.
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is
MS Analytics Class 2021: All gonna say. I think the other classes on Wednesdays mistaken.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is Dr. Jones.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is the thing is for both at the same time, because everybody in this class after peoples.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so that might be problem.
MS Analytics Class 2021: OK, I can to Monday Dr Herman's okay with that.
Is
MS Analytics Class 2021: causing problems with yeah
MS Analytics Class 2021: He works. He works just as well.
Wilson Pineda: For me,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Either way, so when
MS Analytics Class 2021: You want to talk to Dr. Carmen and then so that might change.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Any
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like, I don't want to, like, you know, freshly says Dr. Jones is classes Python programming my classes Python deploy miles. There's a little bit of programming.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Not a lot, don't know those are like program I worry okay Tesla's I say this piece of material piece in you'll be doing this on a figure out to come with me, office hours.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We work through how much you get caught up on the program. So it's a superclass. This is this is nice.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I kind of the way I think of it as you're all getting this degree and most I'm sure all your English degree is your job on the data sciences danger business analytics people right apply the skills you learn in the
MS Analytics Class 2021: Business of the railroads yeah out and how the business world where we may be so these first stage seven weeks as around when I show you because I work
MS Analytics Class 2021: Full time for gas company here in Houston and I worked at our data science team or engineering team, our business intelligence team to the whole spectrum and so
MS Analytics Class 2021: The whole purpose of this first half of this course is kind of like look like
MS Analytics Class 2021: How you take, which is wireless was like hey I built the model to predict XYZ or to do with your time series model to predict the forecast how I take that action use that
MS Analytics Class 2021: As a lot of what you do up and a lot of what you've done so far as you build these models and then say, Okay, great. How do I take that and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Use it for like prediction and you sit for, you know, for the future, right. So that's what this class is about. And so it's a teach you how to take the models you build were raised by
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just have to pick a language. And that's the most popular languages, people usually say where is Python and also use Azure and the cloud and the show you how to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Take the models and things are going and
MS Analytics Class 2021: And deploy and also to build an upscale so we'll get at the last class will get into Apache Spark data breaks and things like that. Or you're talking about building models against petabytes of data and trillions of rows of data using Apache Spark.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the second half. This is
MS Analytics Class 2021: Optimization. So this is dr Hartman, I'll read that for him to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Teach you that is way better than me, but
MS Analytics Class 2021: Think about optimization. You think it was a traveling salesman type thing, right. So you either optimization is
MS Analytics Class 2021: One of the nice things that the classic pieces of optimization over like the 30 4050 years around and it's okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To be sent houses. What's the most optimal to get the right database, right. How do they, how they route the trucks right how they do all that right
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's, that's, that's, that whole optimization and things like that. So, but I'll leave that they have to this point. So, so they just inject those we did this morning with it because I wanted to become actually stuff but
MS Analytics Class 2021: Textbooks, I'm assuming Mayra they got that the textbooks email or virtual over and over
MS Analytics Class 2021: I was referencing the textbook. But I took advantage of the fact that I think you do that work. And I gave you the best online out there on Python and machine learning.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's really, really good textbook. So, and then I also got your textbook DevOps because as you get out and start doing this, you find yourself a team. A lot of the teams are we using what's called
MS Analytics Class 2021: agile methodologies DevOps employees. And so our class or to that. So I got your book written by the devil works at Microsoft action. So, and then there's others up. This is for Dr. Harmon portion
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know about the kind of course support. So he's got projects says weekly assignments, but they're more like bi weekly assignments.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I really don't really have my project is really just another assignment. So it's just, it's only the beta works passion sparks up. So it's not necessarily any harder than the other ones. The homework assignments, but
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: I know there is a physical book.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry.
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think I do.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think it was
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't remember. I think that this was
MS Analytics Class 2021: Raised the photo ABC.
Scale.
MS Analytics Class 2021: American disabilities act on to this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Talk through all this up. I just wonder I tried to ask you, so
MS Analytics Class 2021: So all that stuff there. So it didn't let me know if you have any any specials page, especially during the spring that need help, let us say that's the point. So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm here to help copyright all the stuff out there any copyright
MS Analytics Class 2021: Plagiarism the your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Attendance, you know, come to class. Well, fun, I did a lot. We should do it examples, you know, this was live in these ago and we have fun because you know
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm an IT taking the data itself. This is, this should be fun.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh holidays makeup this let me know your class for any reason, this let me know so we can make arrangements and do we need to do, especially in the town right now. I know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: From personal experience how tough it can be sometimes classes are Gordon.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There are some exams. I just, just have some providing examples proctor, so that's a good thing. So I chose the life feel lie, cheat or steal
MS Analytics Class 2021: This be a good person.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, you know, with coated you know if your hair person wearing a mask your home by yourself.
Just, you know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is the part do you say something about that. Yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We had been
MS Analytics Class 2021: Forcing mouse in the building. So you're kind of hyper sensitive to it right now. So you'll see signs everywhere. If you come into the space.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right now to be over your videos covering your mouth on at all times while you're in the building. The only time to be office if you're designing coffee or
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you use the breakout rooms. You also have to have your as long as you're indoors at all. And again, hyper sensitive sensitive to it right now because we're calling out for not for
MS Analytics Class 2021: But please help us make that happen, it literally takes one person to be caught in a picture or video and for us to lose the opportunity to meet here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Schedule so tight. I'm going to show you how to set up your environment for Python. So the Visual Studio code is all like the program in Python is essential to have Matt show you
MS Analytics Class 2021: Some of the packages and Python for saving using and reusing your, your models to build and pythons pipeline stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And some GitHub. So that's what got tonight. The rest of the course agile Scrum methodology. So this is the summary or Kalia world.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you're working with the team and you go with mom or your building things like that, you know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your ultimate goal, you're probably more than likely to find there any some agile Scrum methodology to do that right so
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's a, it's a methodology, how we, you know, starting gosh 20 years ago, maybe I forget how long ago was but they're going to take on the last 10 years or so, but it's just a method to to write and iterate rapidly. So you set up, you know, we spent
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, different talk about it next week.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, used to have what we call a waterfall approach, which is like, hey, this is the whole project and plan it all out and redo the first six months or reverse the next six months.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We're going to do this. And the last five, six months for you this, and after your nap 18 when we don't the project all
MS Analytics Class 2021: And before we know that. So now the Agile Scrum methodology is like okay we chopped it up and say, your first love will do this a lot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then like the next month. It varies on the time scale, right. But then there's different things they do to support that type of programming that type of
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thing. It's beyond just writing code now in businesses are using and business processes business, things like that. That's patches from various other
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we'll talk about the ops, which is basically the process of, you know, checking in on your code and kind of do that and how you can go pipelines and things like that to
MS Analytics Class 2021: To manage your work environment with different people were trying. Then when you work in the same files and those same things. How's that. How's that work and then cool stuff that I think is
MS Analytics Class 2021: Before fourth of March, that's when they start getting into containerizing
MS Analytics Class 2021: Employing a web service and deploying into clusters and then going into the cloud methodology times cloud to deploy. And then the last day. We have was funding, we talked about how do we
MS Analytics Class 2021: Use technologies like Apache Spark data brings to then scale out your bill or code and massive
MS Analytics Class 2021: Parallel well so that we can take and say, hey, how does the, how does the Google's the Amazon is that the these these big companies, you know, the Twitter's get billions of
MS Analytics Class 2021: Tweets and things and messages and things a day. How do they support building models off of that stuff. And so they're using technologies like spark to do that, you know, so
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's all government. So the rest of stuff you'll be glad to drive me and that department will show you on the model and all the other programming linear programming.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All that kind of stuff. So
MS Analytics Class 2021: They'll go over that with you, whenever he the TG. So any questions is the silver sign over. Yeah, because things have cover someone cover.
Actually my
MS Analytics Class 2021: Purpose the PDF, you just showed earlier that I'm here for
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah. So this guy is going to save that for me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That helps sometimes
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like, like I was walking. We're going ok we have pocket koji. All these nights will tell you that, but sometimes it helps me to know what is going on with
MS Analytics Class 2021: me one second. Guys, I'm gonna say this to my desktop here so I can upload it later on to, to me, so
MS Analytics Class 2021: As I can close this out and let's get started here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Individual are all individual
MS Analytics Class 2021: They're all individual, but you know, you know, why did you do your homework. Good stuff. I'm a stickler if you, you know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you're programming room, unless you're like a one shot, one man shop one woman shop.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, you're going to get helpful to people. Why should go on your own like riding around coding and you'll see when we get to the time to talk about it, you know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As long as you're you know it's it's a lot of just, I'm going to give you the model like the code and you may say, take my day out of there. Put your data set in there and we work it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Didn't just to show how the different so it's it's really, it's going to be really easy. I think some of your finest to be pretty easy to do.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you haven't already, we might be able to cope with them, you know, we have the office hours to help you do that. But, you know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't have a problem help one another out and this class, you have cash, those that will be do at the end of this month.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And some kind of a lot of this class that I'm being ready for you and just be an opportunity to really learn the stuff. And so not have the
MS Analytics Class 2021: tie down. There's other classes were yeah that's what I'll say bird and the bird.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Some classes discount more work. This is code. Once you like to go, you can just write the code. And so I've done, I've been writing code, sometimes eight and 46
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so you have to do the math and write code for 36 years. And so the best way to learn by write code is doing something somebody else did. And that's kinda like what
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just came right and so it's kind of the approach I have to teach this class. So thank you so much for giving me the the the chat, because I like to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Move on. So this is a calendar work better.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But it's like once a project, it will take you no more time to do the project.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, don't, don't freak out. It's not going to be especially considering projects do spring break, we
MS Analytics Class 2021: Will be finishing your capstones I said they are reset right and i and i don't want any recent one class. Do you enjoy
MS Analytics Class 2021: In the end, the final semester here to not to worry so much about the homework right here literally trying to finish that most important really important project, which is your pencil rather the graduate so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Don't freak out. You know, I promise you if you're having problems with the homework district office hours. You want to problems afterwards and say, hey, so
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, I want to learn this stuff in this case. So
MS Analytics Class 2021: So employee models, the Python code. I apologize. That's really, really small, but this I'll read it to you will be able to run the Python. When I say production. I thought about it nice and kind of distribution, you're using and kinda and before, but I'm going to give you a little refresher.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They'll go into some data wrangling
MS Analytics Class 2021: For those of you that regard your challenges on Tuesday. He went over.
MS Analytics Class 2021: pandas and the government pie. So they don't need to add a real problem is not a lot
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because you'll find as you're building models and stuff, you're going to be using pen and Notepad or your data sets. And to do that, so I'll give you a little refresher Panda and non pod or no figure of everyone called potato, potato.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Panda and young Hi Mom. Hi pandas can be a refresher on those packages, you know, bringing data into your Python, and then we'll go over into functions in classes in Python how those look just, just to remind you, and then the main stuff for the day is around
MS Analytics Class 2021: How I build a model. How can I use the code is no one's packages and Python or one base, which is a Python and say, Hey, I have this model, I would say this model I build and protect against that. Right. And so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Talk about typical job life cycle swearing in pipelines and how those are about. And then how you say models in here is TensorFlow. So for those of you, sir. I've gotten might have gotten into neural nets, or things like that. And certainly the TensorFlow package comes with Google.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Talk about how to say that out and then wrote for the last thing we'll do hopefully your time to get there. It's just give you just a brief overview again. Hmm. So, how we used to have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Everybody used to give up GitHub.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Probably on so reason I do that is because, you know, most people these days. Is there any code and giving us to you to go and look at it or put them all the repositories and getting on also come to you know get is the most popular
MS Analytics Class 2021: Language technology for code repositories for saving and writing your code saying your code and collaborating code will have a more
MS Analytics Class 2021: Than three or four. We'll talk more about skate itself. How you check in and out code and modify can survive, but this way they should get help, because you have is a great platform.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Many, many become and millions of people use to give away three go to you go and look at. And so, so under issue.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To get up. So then you'll know how you know say files up there, how to go in and look at other people's repositories and forum and
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, play with the code yourself just because you'll find that as you start writing your own code heavily
MS Analytics Class 2021: Can get up and come to Frank that you're trying to find somebody else you might have done something similar to what you're doing and you're looking for that piece of code that download and use that as a template to start working on your
MS Analytics Class 2021: End. You should give up. So let's go on. So I have a Rails Python here, it's the number one programming language since like 2018 you can use it everywhere.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it wasn't made after snake author named after money Python the movies.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The British movies so huge ecosystem. And it's like, send us the most popular language and it's cool because it's an interpreter language to compile things you write the code and he is running right and so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Really easy to learn and it's been around forever. Those kind of funny. I use Python like 20 years ago.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then for a few years and then use Python and then in the last 678 years when all the data science. So starting to, you know, popular starting around like
MS Analytics Class 2021: 2000 and you know 12 1314 timeframe. Everybody's motivated to do well. Right. And so a race or even the R and Python got really, really popular. And then now it's, you know, pretty much all the most people once what they're using the same client. So that's why I'm talking so on so Erica.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is this it's a distribution of Python. Right. So when you are eco Python, you have to actually have the Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Library and Python code zero Python. The most popular one out there are all the one that most people use is an icon. So it's a distribution that packages, a bunch of stuff together to make it easy to use.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Python but also a lot of one where. So the cool thing is, is if you look at the bottom there, you see where it says you can use many. And so the continuum iOS company that built Anaconda
MS Analytics Class 2021: They have a lightweight version of Anaconda called many kinda and it's pretty much just the Python code and the condo package environment, the combo package and my manager stuff. And it's like, you know, a third of the size of
MS Analytics Class 2021: The full Anaconda distribution. So I recommend using any comments. I'm going to walk you through how to solve this and said all this stuff up here in a minute.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But it's it's it's what most people use. So I'm gonna show you how to set that up as john saw Anaconda on your laptops did yourself. Okay, so I wasn't sure if he remembers.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Class first semester or maybe. Okay, another at some point idea. Yeah. So maybe you haven't. I just remember pricing your laptop came with Anaconda are installed on or
MS Analytics Class 2021: I mean, they started just writing, etc. But I was just curious. So that's the most popular when distribution on
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the cool thing about it and the thing that library LIKES IT IS THIS CONDO it's the package package management system and the environment management system.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you're writing my code in, you know, turning the Python suitable to going on your Python sq right so kind of Anaconda gives you
MS Analytics Class 2021: That down that Python code to do them and the candidate management package. You should always installing an extra packages. So we'll talk about
MS Analytics Class 2021: In a second but cotton is waiting on packages. I think you got to see that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But then you also can set up your environments. And I think you guys have maybe done that with Dr. Jones, possibly, but I'll give you another refresher where you'd like to discuss this is my second time teaching this and people like
MS Analytics Class 2021: To do that because you did a song right and you can help you get your whole yeah Kobe kind of election he had
MS Analytics Class 2021: Other classes, you got capstones pride FORGOT SOME OF YOUR YOUR IMPRESSION right and what we use on the phone. And one thing that I recommend is when you're a stalling setting.
Karis Jochen: Up these
Kinda
MS Analytics Class 2021: Here is when you're running conduct off, man. Not a problem. If you're out of the system. I like to run it as administrator except by environments and that way they're at the at the program data levels events, they might also might use an ATM machine you can use it. It's not important but
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you don't run as administrator you install it just installs that have environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And when I say on environment where I need a kind of environment, maybe set up a con environment of a Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll be installing and Connor the software or installing them in common is also right once that's installed you want to set up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A Python version that you can use and code with. And so that's what that kind of environment is
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that is actually just a directive that has the Python executable all your packages getting that is a director gets put on machine where you can set up multiple ones of those. And the reason why you do that is you certain packages require certain for
MS Analytics Class 2021: Certain packages require certain versions of other packages to use. So the biggest mistake I see people use and with kinda Anaconda is a installing and kind of software and then they just work in what's called base. And so, you know,
Jose Adan Prego: Oh, professors, I got a question.
Jose Adan Prego: Is it a hard requirement to use Anaconda, can we use another ID for
Jose Adan Prego: My charm spider or would it be difficult to get all those modules and packages are you just mentioned.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, so
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just thought you
MS Analytics Class 2021: Know, I might be that comes with them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that's fighter. So you can't solve
MS Analytics Class 2021: Spider. It's good. I prefer Visual Studio Code, which I'm going to show you that just because more and more people are going to do it because Microsoft's done a pretty good job with their thing. He's right. He wants. I mean, I'm not going to force you to use an ID. I will
MS Analytics Class 2021: Recommend the US, you know, Anaconda remaining kinda for your Python distributions, as you're finding the volume. If you don't have to. If you don't, then you have to get my phone somewhere else. It's just to buy something or through
MS Analytics Class 2021: Some other package. Another solution, but it kinda is not so much the ID. Now there's. It comes with it you know spider. You can install spider. You don't have to. When you install
MS Analytics Class 2021: Anaconda
MS Analytics Class 2021: But
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's not the ID. So for those your ID. It's a
MS Analytics Class 2021: Interactive development first kiss has been
MS Analytics Class 2021: a lifesaver backslide acronym stands for, but it's just the it's the windows visual coating that where you write your code and you run it and it the bugs it and shows you in the window, how it's running. That's the ID Anaconda
MS Analytics Class 2021: Maybe kind of the kinda that's just the underlying Python executable and executable or managing
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those Python distributions, whatever I need us. Or there's pie charts. It's like a Python python was probably one of the most popular. The most popular Python. It is by john to your code. Some people inspire other people use
A hammer
cassava on a second.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Other people use a variable right so supernova training and browser viewer in class you're taking the Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Class with Dr. Jones, he was using Jupiter notebooks. For the first part of the class and to say, but it's a web environment where you have cells you have marked outsells you have code cells. The Markdown, so I'll just make it. Michael HTML cells.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where you put comments in there things that you're doing and you have the code cells and actually in your Python code, you can run Jupiter actually on our Python and sequel that Jupiter screw it stands for, but the pee pee life like Python like ours for our
MS Analytics Class 2021: For all those Jupiter kind of some of the letters are put together your credit all the languages that you can run inside of superhero books, but
MS Analytics Class 2021: But you can use that web environment to write to write your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your code in Iran be live lot of like when we talk in the last week we talked about data bricks. It uses an open mind, which just like Jupiter notebooks writing
MS Analytics Class 2021: Basically saying that technology they use an open environment, right. So most people you're right there code in ID or they're using some kind of where the Jupiter notebooks are
MS Analytics Class 2021: As a manager, whether it's the notebooks today work some books.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And they don't breaks, but the notebook is a web based way to write code the ID. That's the big client McCollum you started off on your machine. There's like we're that, but in this case it's, you know, a client. Right, right. So that is your question.
Jose Adan Prego: It did. Thank you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It is just your questions just shoot out. I like your action so so that's, that's good. So
MS Analytics Class 2021: What do we do these couple slides and then I'll go in and I'll do a demo of
MS Analytics Class 2021: visuals of Anaconda and setting up the environment, and then we'll take a break, because I asked this mask is
MS Analytics Class 2021: A little hard for me and plus these days. I think even more breaks so hopefully 1520 minutes and then we'll bring
MS Analytics Class 2021: So common said it's a package and open source package and vibrant range. I'll show you that and and actually so conduct. I apologize if you haven't yet, you can go and go to the campus. So I think I have one browser up actually I practice even make sure that
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let me move this over.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if you go there of course notes. I mean campus. We got to work that out happier or smile. This lady actually broke it up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: By each one of us before it was just telling me wanting to all that way. And so if you go into of course notes there and we want to point miles. That's just a folder you click on that and everything you need is in the zip file and this is following this
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you open it up. I have a nice little folder name for you that you can extract the sun and so also the week so look exactly like this will say, week one week two, week 345 Polycom exam.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And as you double click in there. I have a syllabus. I have a PDF of these notes. So I know this text a little hard to see, but I wanted to put the text up there's a slide be useful for you so you want something to reference back
MS Analytics Class 2021: But these are the commands. So if you're having problems seeing the tax on here. Maybe a favor and just going to download the PowerPoint that began the files and then open up the PDF that obviously easier than me having to jump back and forth on zoom. So
MS Analytics Class 2021: That right good with that. Okay, that. OK, ready to go. Anybody have a problem where they can actually go in the following her now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, there's major elements like the main campus isn't working. So
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so I asked the question here. And the question is the version already have or mean you can just use a version that you're fine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You don't go install a new version. We haven't counted as the version you have right now as well. Great question. Thank you.
Thanks.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can see guarantee like you are with your labors and I can see
My little window over here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Great.
MS Analytics Class 2021: cara, cara
MS Analytics Class 2021: Cara. We have fun doing capsule products.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, it's been great.
Karen Fireman: It's been great. Wonderful.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, so that's what's cool about this.
Is
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you open the folder all Python file somewhere that data files are in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the PDFs of the presentations. It's all and you can just dump it in one file and then I'll show you a second Visual Studio code, I can open up just that folder and welcome to a special so we'll come back to this in a second right here with me so far.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So essentially having more fun so wonderfully couple slides and then I'll do some demos actually woman. She apologized.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what you see here is actually an Azure VM. So this is a virtual machine. That's right. And the actual cloud sorry a Windows 10 pro boxer like the laptop there. This is just like my laptop and this guy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And there anything about this as an author or any of the software working on this machine up here. I just have to you know make sure my audio works and I can control that so
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is great. So I have on here. I've already went and downloaded all of software, etc. So you don't have to solve it. I think all of you guys have a condo already so you don't install that, but what is
MS Analytics Class 2021: This the show you like if you were doing this from scratch on a mission.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you haven't used edge.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Shouldn't be the one thing real quick.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So for those of you that the presentations and the real world.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is a great product that's free for Microsoft
MS Analytics Class 2021: And what it allows you to do is to go to school, things like this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just run it and then I just started in you cannot
MS Analytics Class 2021: Minimize this check this little box opens a window to start door by industry to class, but this just shows, even if you ever did presentation was a good analogy do is do this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But we are here with zoom analogy here so I show stuff like this like a control one and zoom in and stuff. And now, and you've got things like draw a basic that so what I did is I went down many condos so me personally, I only saw a panda. I saw me so
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't think I gave us means but like our I'll send all these links to other pages to you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is tonight or tomorrow, or sometimes hearing these links. Some of these links are in the PowerPoint right but
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like, I went to many, many
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I got the latest version 64 bit. Right. The last thing you notice one thing that I tell people is
MS Analytics Class 2021: They go. Very good. Well, you can get it. We just did the latest stable version out there three eight is the latest stable version does that solve some of the side 67 minutes
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think the Battle of anacondas like six 700 men don't know how big it is. Now, but its massive. So this is really, really small. So, so I just downloaded that stall. So I'll make a drawing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I just figured, I'll show you because if you're like me, you know, I shouldn't be.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Wearing the latest version Piper you forgot 864 bit set up next. I agree, all users. So that was that way if you're sharing his computer rewriting. Those are installs see program data ready on the right. If you install the anaconda distribution. You're just gonna say Anaconda three
MS Analytics Class 2021: Or when distribution one if you're destroying Python code. So I just trying to see all the faults and install right so
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm gonna let that run and come back to the second so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well actually let me share a few things. So I talked about the current environment right and the conduct.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The current environment has the package manager and content. Content environment manager. Right. And so I think about kind of them are winners. When you work on projects.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You want to create a content environment for each of your projects because these products will be different when you're writing I say project succeeds go and build a model to predict what right
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you know you're doing my phone and you know you want to use like these packages. Well, you want to create an environment for that project. So, you know, and this example, you'll see where I say conduct creates
MS Analytics Class 2021: camaraderie creates bash bash name. I call this this learn Python excited
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't generally column Python three seven. I generally call them something to do project I'm working on, and I might put three. So on the end. So I know that I set this up as a Python three seven.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Environment and I never update my packages in my environment. I just created a new environment and my show. Yes, I can. How you can easily home environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And recreate it. And then you can hit Update packages on that new cloud environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the reason why I do that is by writing code, and I'm building models. If I just got back to my packages that are running my code and all sudden I getting different results. And like, what's going on here. People make changes and
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's hard to go back and see my capital.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so these directories are not that big, you know. So you create an economic environment, which puts a different inputs. Another version of advice on directory. Put your package that directory
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then he trusted that new that new direction, right, a new environment. So I'll demo this in a second. So don't worry about reading all these but the idea is basically about Anaconda any kind of environment. It's just kind
MS Analytics Class 2021: Of manage allows me to create directories with the version of Python version I specified with and I saw my packages in that version.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I have a an environment that I know that's all we have these versions of the packages at the same and I didn't show you how to use a second
MS Analytics Class 2021: Share them with all my other team members, but we're all using the same version of the packages.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Are all using the same version of Python. Yeah. And then when we go to deploy this up to a server, I can say this file that that's going to be called an animal model I ML.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Why am element of extension is lying, we'll talk about later on. Don't worry about it, but it's just a text file, it has the information that says this is the name environment. These is the version Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Packages and version of those packages and then you can run a man and use an animal file to recreate that environment with the exact same version on the packages, exact same version Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And now all your teammates are developing that code and same package you know hand up with somebody else said all of the 386 latest and I did TensorFlow dot six that for a pot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's not an old version, I don't think. But, you know, they like getting different results than you, and you're like, why are we also have teams using Python three seven TensorFlow to have that five
MS Analytics Class 2021: And we're not seeing the same results achieved. Can you get more involved. And so I think about the kind of environment managers.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Somebody else somebody who's a senior some is embarking on managing this then see your partner can set up the environment with the right versions of packages and then take and then share the CMO file out to everybody else to create the environment, the same so
MS Analytics Class 2021: These are just some demand. So if you want to list the different environments on your package, these are their that's their house. I bought a second
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, you're out the individual packages update. There's some links here. So if you want. Like there's all waiting for Ganesh she expertise in there for you guys. We go through the slides. You can see them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, so I talked about how I can know an environment. And then once that environment is build I can then export that environment to gamble file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then share that enable file to somebody else and and they can create their own environment based off of that animal maybe exactly your environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's the cool thing. So that was like our first or you can I start using
MS Analytics Class 2021: Python game like six, seven years ago, a lot of this stuff. I didn't know. Well, the logs and we're talking talking about it and it's likely that as much research.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now there's more lot more stuff out there now but being able to set up your own environments. It's way better. Because if you don't, and you just go straight to face and you start updating installing packages in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you only have one environment, which is the base that we install the economy content for first time. It sounds somewhat environment for you right
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, be that version that you downloaded this case, it's free and it's called base, but never working basically based on, you know, that's my advice for you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Most people I know have been doing this for a while I go to their office and they all just have base and that's okay, but I don't recommend it because you'll as you get more to get more and more into writing your own code and doing your own thing working in teams.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your base will get messed up because you got to back package in there and then you can install the package you want because there's a version dependency.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then you're like, well, I can update this package is I'm using for this project I need this package for this project was okay, how do you fix that you do it right, which is great multiple environments on the show you this in a second, but
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is basically the slides, your spirit give you
MS Analytics Class 2021: A reference guide. If someone popper commands for content package. So I'll come back to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well, so for those are always the discussion as like what our packages for Python, you probably have seen most of these and Dr. Jones class, so I won't go through a Panda is why we see Matt. Matt.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Psychic learn on Pi, Pi TensorFlow. Here's. These are, these are the gold standard is what most people are installing and using to to build and to build walls when they have my pipe torch.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, we're going to provide a pit freeze and correct but also you could freeze, but I'll show you pictures on the thing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, and I torch up there and I don't have a there's a lot of right but these are the main ones that you see people use. So this is a reference, just in case you want to know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So packages. So basically calendar. So you have to install a package for then some packages aren't in the conduct.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Our independent distribution of any update the slides, I believe TensorFlow is now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In the content distribution. You don't use pick to install it, but the ones that are in the car distribution, you have the the native Python package manager, Pip.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Which is the piping a tool for talk packages, and that's the other way, install packages. So for those of you. I think you're all kind of know the most innovative is a small package. You guys are having right
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you don't, if you're at home. I won't be the answer for you. If anybody's like I forget what the packages put in the chat, and I'll explain.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Packages or when you just don't my phone. You have the base packages and the base Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then you have packages at somebody that other people have written our part of the days and that has all the cool stuff that you need any of this stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so you have to install and so two ways to do that is through the kata install. If you're using a calendar any kinda and you have the condo package manager.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can use kinda if it's available. Not every one of them is in there. I will show you examples inside of you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That are available in the condo, but my rule of thumb kisses Mitchell is a cada installment package and it says, I don't know what you're talking about, then I tried Pip install the package it usually goes okay and so now
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's not really the best of the best way to do this, go to the web. Finally official site for that package and find the installation guide and follow politics.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But brought some of us are lazy and just like prachanda if it doesn't work, we take goodness all and we install base right so
MS Analytics Class 2021: So around with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'm gonna stop there. Go into go back to my little thing here. So my
MS Analytics Class 2021: My kinda finished installing right so this case. So now if I come over here and my start
MS Analytics Class 2021: In us the same Anaconda three that you guys have
MS Analytics Class 2021: Power and the power show proper the top. These are only one. The Anaconda prompt that says back you know batch. I'm going to command call
MS Analytics Class 2021: The power shell pop is actually running inside of the Microsoft Power Shell. So you get the power shell scripting language. So tell us about yourself. If you don't, you know, don't really necessarily an easy example. So I like to right click, go to more from an admin and start at the top.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so I'm just going to minimize somebody want to be in the background power working. So that's on a soft Visual Studio code. I just went
MS Analytics Class 2021: To the download page or Visual Studio code I downloaded the 64 bit systems dollar. What's the difference between the user installer the system installer user stories. I will install it for just the meter on my machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: System installer says I want to install it for anybody who wants to my machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Wherever your preferences. Right. I tend to just be the system one case for some reason. The main reason Marla machine. I want to give them their login so you'll see all my stuff that they have Visual Studio. So what's the difference between the two. I just got a little more
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know bites do excellent install extra noise more just have installs itself. It's not like systems better than user far as functionality. It's just a nice a system that puts in my seat program data as a program files. Exactly. Or puts it
MS Analytics Class 2021: Puts it in your user pack and your, your home. So I just went there 64 bit
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'm kind of trying to just show you like if I have a machine, how set up to go and write Python code and use it right so i mean i saw me in Canada. And then I saw Visual Studio.
Karen Fireman: I'm Jamie. Can I see. KAREN, I'M when I'm doing that when you're doing that. Visual Studio, you get this big, big page of
Karen Fireman: I don't know stuff after you get to the downloads. Getting Started the code in action.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I went here 64 bit
Right.
Karen Fireman: There.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, click there.
Karen Fireman: Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For getting started.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, with now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So see right here it says download not starting so it should automatically start downloading and it doesn't just click that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So in my case, let me see right here I'm using edge peasant music rover. So, it automatically starts downloading it and so mine it puts it down there. I have my options set up against a particular to save it. If you
MS Analytics Class 2021: Put in your browser. So it might just say a stranger downloads, but for some reason it didn't start automatically download. Sure.
Karen Fireman: You can happen so fast, you're right. I didn't realize the best. Yeah, so we just double click that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, you just click that it's going to send you know the only other closing
MS Analytics Class 2021: So it wasn't
One second. Let's
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hope we have time. And I'll show you how to set up as a VM. They're not very expensive even
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I don't, I'll show you my blog where am I getting instructions on how to set up. I mean, just to set up after the fact.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So just accept the license agreement videos, there's free visual seasoning speaking too fast. Sorry. Visual Studio code is for you. Right. That's great. That's a great tool energy light laser like that. So it runs on those as well. So it's not just
MS Analytics Class 2021: Not just Windows, as you saw from the screen right here. Right. So you see me in about two doors to see Matt.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Later, right. So pretty cool. I like that. Visual Studio code.
Karen Fireman: Here we um
Karen Fireman: He gave us some give us some choices and open with code.
Karen Fireman: Okay, perfect.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, I mean, you can. It's your preference. You're right. If you want to create a desktop like on you will have open code action to Windows explore. I just hated the false
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I just sit in song right I say all the faults. But although one of those options are carrying is like
MS Analytics Class 2021: Add a right click to the drop down. So that is your Windows Explorer dot php file and Python file, you can right click, you click those checkbox. You're talking about anything, right click it and say, open it and go
Karen Fireman: Okay, thank you.
For that
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then I'll just launchers will Studio code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I want to minimize the work you're doing some Anaconda stuff and then we're going to set up the company will still take a break.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'm listening to minimize this right now before I do that I use all the time. So I'm going to right click down on my toolbar.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Here and I'm going to say in the taskbar
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, so he's
MS Analytics Class 2021: Saying it's easier so
MS Analytics Class 2021: We're just going to minimize this for now. And one other thing I have on here. One other tool. I really like and you can open up text files in
MS Analytics Class 2021: And all they saw how can I don't think I have all these links in the PowerPoint slide.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll check tomorrow, which ones I go and then I'll just either. I'll just upload a either senator announcement, the links.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For these, but one of the tasks that are that are really like is no plan plus blocks. It's free. It's really, really popular. And even though you can text and Visual Studio code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I still like sometimes to open up. You still got plus plus. So what my text files really quickly to edit them and in terms of just another tool. I like so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I've already. I've already downloaded the latest version of 790 and I went down here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You have to kind of going on here, you'll all have 64 bit machines. And so I just downloaded the 64 bit installer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Don't worry about all this. And I don't need this for your homework, don't need this for any of your any of your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Stuff, but for those for if you're doing writing code. And hopefully, you know, somebody might say, I like that. Right. Other Monaco in the program. Other usually only just write more and more
MS Analytics Class 2021: But, you know, probably had a test files and things like that notepad plus plus. It's really nice. It's tiring.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I just, I'm just going to show you the tools that I've learned over 30 years of writing code and things. This is a great text editor. So I just downloaded that one was installed on the background.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I say background takes a facet just
MS Analytics Class 2021: Misled install eliminating the false install done that was done, I can run them that boss was
MS Analytics Class 2021: Reminded this one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is because I want to do this so I'm painting the taskbar
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we come here and say, okay, what are the top here is the folder that I
MS Analytics Class 2021: I gave you all right here. And one of the things that's in that folder is the setup calm environment. And I call it boss. It's a nice spring 2021
MS Analytics Class 2021: The cool thing is, is I just gave you have all the stuff you need your setup your environment running all the code. I gave you in class, you don't have to worry about doing anything hard. You can just follow this and it is so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Key ones here. So open up the steps on your economy so clicking on here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right. Those are you playing the long game. Can you see that text. Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those are, those are like the slide that had earlier. Most of those commands are dying. See, right there. So what we have right here, line one this is creating a calm environment so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Remember earlier I jumped around here. I went over an anaconda I went to a prompt right click More they want us to straighter and that open up this phone.
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: One command. This is a slide Carnegie was if I run this.
And I'm going to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Cover on this, you know, we don't want to do. I'm doing right now. We really don't want your texts me to speak on your machine. I'm just going to so you guys can can see it better or I see that
MS Analytics Class 2021: So remember I said have you Isabel and Connor many conduct, you get that face in mind, right. So that's the only advice. There's no I never use right
MS Analytics Class 2021: As you can see, this is the folder where that based environment. Guys, I see right here. This is the folder.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Once I let me zoom in place.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the folder so I let conduct the interview is right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is zoom in, zoom. So this is why I need silence because I can just call me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: By recording me. Listen, show me all the environments on right now. I just got base and that's in the C programming have a column. So if I come over here on the open up one Oscar. Let's just look and see what's in there right
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let's take
MS Analytics Class 2021: A BREAK.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can bring
MS Analytics Class 2021: The program, as did right and that's because I just said this environment and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Goodbye explorer view I have hidden items was jack and so I go with you and say, show my
MS Analytics Class 2021: Volume extensions and ignites that's in the view right here explorer to use Windows. Now if I go nice and program Raider. Shut up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's hidden because the best for Microsoft's putting code and stuff. And they're like that unless you just don't even see that but obviously that because in this program, any kinda
MS Analytics Class 2021: I have
MS Analytics Class 2021: The base and stop right here. And if you notice in here. Right here. There's like Python, etc.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if I take this
MS Analytics Class 2021: Path happier. Can you add the children how to do this, necessarily. It's just, I just want to show you when I say content environment. What is it just a folder now the Python version all your packages installed into it and then
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if I come in here and I see to the solar
So I can
MS Analytics Class 2021: Say telecare and then forgot single good
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is why
MS Analytics Class 2021: I feel like never do a live demo right
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is just the common. This is how you are on your comes out of the park right
MS Analytics Class 2021: Tiger in our way. I've got my preferences.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, you see what I'm gonna leave this command prompt open bizarre come back to the second question. So what we're gonna do is
MS Analytics Class 2021: We're going to set up your environment that you're when you're coding that they'll have all the packages. She needs. Well, the code. I'm gonna give you today.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And pretty much all the code on the new throughout the whole course so they have their own timeline. So we're just on these demands, one by one, so don't
MS Analytics Class 2021: I would recommend you know just leaving the version I have three six
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just to be safe right don't don't get cheating and say, I'm going to three at the cadence, you want to. I'm not going to get my feelings hurt unlocking like say, you know, all I can help us. You got a problem because you did three
MS Analytics Class 2021: You're welcome to do it, but you want your life to be easy. Just do what I have there and just go with that and know that this Python equals is what allows you to pick the version one. So if you needed Python three dot seven
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the reason I made a note of putting that Python equals 36 certain packages apart certain versions of how the good thing is Python one language in the world.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Six, seven years ago when I was using my time, I had to use Python version three dot for to us first have to use x, y, z package, even the Python three five or six was out things like that. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Most of the packages nowadays they have something where developers on like the TensorFlow is the subject line stuff and more boring Ryan when they come play through some they're pretty much for supporting the latest versions.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But that was not always the case. And so I want to teach you occasion come across some weird package that you're using do somewhere thing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: How you can set up an environment, even though. Whenever we downloaded.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When we even though when we download. I'll go back to any kind of download it was already downloaded the Python version. It says free aid.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can install the reverse of my son environment. I need to use for my color right so the packages are parts of versions. So Miranda's first command prompt. So I started a prop.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Here around this demand.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And this is great environment called
MS Analytics Class 2021: Bought spring 2021 using Python three says, and then when it does that. You see, these are all factors so solid to that environment. And these are just those base packages that come with Python right and so that it says, Hey, your receipt
MS Analytics Class 2021: You say, Why
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then it goes out into the kinda package manager album in the cloud and dollars of packages and install them into this, excuse me, new environment or sale now I have this new environment. So now I say conduct in the US from this demand calls like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, what we see.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We see now we have two two.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Lines right
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now it's a starter.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Know this, this base here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is show me. This is a current copy this. The current environment in very important to know which and that's the reason why I put a call because I do this, you don't like go and forget to do this stuff, which is to activate
MS Analytics Class 2021: The even tell you after your
Parents as far
As far
MS Analytics Class 2021: With this and this is my command. Call this is the content. They also whistle wire right this is the egg on accomplices listen when my brother.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Actually close us out.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So notice after you create, is it says, hey, activate this environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: By using this command. So if I say come to activate. Now I'm in that environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Notice understanding Connor three vs folder indies s
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then under yes this is where it says base is always in this base folder Irish these donors end for her. So if we come back over here and many kinda
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thing and I go into this end folder and I go into here looks a lot like the base or a lot more folders, the base order. There's another shot. But you see, here's all your stuff here all your packages and install for this particular environment. Here's a Python executable. Why, because
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is, I thought three that says those five on Friday.
I think we got a proper you
MS Analytics Class 2021: See right here, free six club.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Why, because when we are. It's always a Python three, six, right. So if we come back over to you the folder here close this up. We go back to that based on just
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you kind of got here, what's going on, right, you go back to baseline, we look at the Python and see here and you could just go in new version, I think.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This was really fun. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because this is the base. And that's because it will meet out in a condo or I am going to canada i dollar three
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm just throwing the javelin queen. She laughs see anybody have any questions. I see people people's questions. Question.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, I got a little lost when you
Karen Fireman: Did that come in for you since
Karen Fireman: The kind of environment but but then the activate I do that again and
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's a know it all right here. So I did the command to create the environment when I got done it said, hey,
MS Analytics Class 2021: We got done is a activate sorry my zoom and crazy, we got done in such a way to activate this upon which basically means set up all the variables and environments inside of this pop so that I'm actually working inside that new with that that content bought 689 spring 2020
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's what activate means what that means to say, hey, so the set. So this as my active in mind. Notice upon change.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Conduct the list.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You'll see that basis not start out with this.
Karen Fireman: We need the dollar sign there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where's the dollar sign dollar sign
Karen Fireman: Just turn
MS Analytics Class 2021: On the data that's because astrology is a nice person.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so they're they're saying what they're saying that dollar signs and props. So if you go into coding downloaded episode file I have all the commands are so we run these first two commands.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Here. So now let's. This is also happening so pilot
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what is pilot pilot is the package that gives you certain tasks highlighting errors and stuff so that when you're writing your code and like Visual Studio code or pie chart that
MS Analytics Class 2021: You want to know that, hey, this command isn't right, or this function name is not like or the syntax is all pilot is a package that issue. So I'm going to solve that first
MS Analytics Class 2021: Rebecca
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I just had some highlights. I lost it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'm gonna run a pilot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, yes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And notice, notice that when I did a pilot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So pilot package here but this inside the side of the saw all these other packages. Right. So those all the dependencies. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The package manager, the calendar pop pips, the same way. And those dependencies and says, Oh, you won't pilot and why need all these packages to be installed as well. And so suddenly go install those packages.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As well as check the versions, you have, you might have a version of the package that I want, but it might be older renewed that's going to give you. All right. If that's the case, but that's the package manager does. So now the pattern there for new contacts lists.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My end list economists nice your packages that are in my environment, right. So we did a pilot and then we got to see actual is also whatever the base packages and a few others dependencies and pilot is based upon
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right seaborne I think you guys have done seaborne right I don't do the other two born Dr. Those are the Tuesday class.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Dr. Jones seaborne is a
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's a quality manage as a reply happens, I'll show you. I'll show you something here in a second, but wow and also if you get a sequel. I like this one because it gives me Matt plot line. This is why I saw seaborne i get i get panda's I get
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know pod somewhere here. Yeah, I didn't know you know I get a lot of packages, I get signed on, I got a lot of packages that slide I showed you earlier.
We go ahead and create
MS Analytics Class 2021: This for a second, in order, you know, proper faculty side. Well, I did a popular popular packages. Sorry. It's a popular packages shelf by the seashore become like
MS Analytics Class 2021: A little aeration, or can you say some of the packages. You know, I just did a simple and I got pandas i a pilot pilot season. They're not taught lab about non pod outside
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, I get my father's day just have one x. So that's a little trick I learned a long time ago, is to, you know, because of the way it's been as dependencies work.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Fit packages that have lots of dependencies. So now,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yes, is the default sciatica brackets, so I didn't have a while I hit Enter, and says, Okay, this option. So now, so go install those packages was doing that and I go back and get now psychic learn so psychic, whether it's a you know package for
MS Analytics Class 2021: Building models and different things, right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: seaboard doesn't have a dependency to it. So I'll have them anyway so
MS Analytics Class 2021: So let's give a second for this ticket.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I think talking about. So all about like VS code or you can pick your environment with your particular incoming packets are kind of calm environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That I was just trying to into somebody else's question.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't remember the content. Yeah, we're in the Visual Studio Code. We're going to show you an extension installed that
MS Analytics Class 2021: makes your life easier and and the big the Python and the anaconda extensions a visual. So you go reason why you said, and why don't over use Python because I hate pie charts.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Environment manager and how many sets of environments to come in Python. Plus, there's a little cool things with the Python. I'll show you the side of the pipe other actors window Visual Studio code that just make sure coding license fun and easy.
So well, that one's going
MS Analytics Class 2021: To real excited wearing out
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is awful. There's something like a, you know, whatever services. This is cool.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah. So then I said, I go back to my initial statement. I will teach you how to do this. And that's my goal, right. You don't have to give me great businesses, you know, school that give you homework.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I think it is not. But you know, I promise you I'm gonna make it good for you. So now we're going to do you think that was that car dealerships already this one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, I love teaching this class. This is what the cool thing is I was in the program in 2014 1516 right so those of you in person, because all my mission outside on the class of 2016 we're the second class first class at eight people graduate. We had 28 maybe I'm like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, yeah, it was it was it was it was we were the travel years but it's like the wiring.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So far, these are all built on content. So remember I told you my slides out of eight because I hadn't picked consultants or flow will since then it's not Condon Google's put TensorFlow on the content and the content package.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The content packages environment. So no. So this is cool. So this is what this is. So this is Jupiter notebook.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is supposed to give us Jupiter, but also it's my gift. This is the ability when we use the Visual Studio code so that when we run our Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They can run it and an interactive window inside of a notebook for us automatically and so
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll show you that in a second ownership. I'm saying I'll just say, Hey, I don't quite know what to say every promise me a few minutes after the break or minute before the break. But we'll see. We'll see how much time I have private for the
MS Analytics Class 2021: For the morning we'll just do before the break, probably 510 more minutes, take a break. So I can breathe and then yeah, I'll show you what this is, but this notebook is important because this will allow some Visual Studio code to run the Python inner environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah. Thanks so much guys and gals that are have have a little bit of experience already entering in taekwondo to make my job easier. Appreciate it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that, so this is what notebook or sign up for install TensorFlow.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is TensorFlow. You don't remember what that was, you've ever heard that your flow. This is Google's you know package you're going deep learning, you know, neural nets, you know, you know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Convolution Neural nets and all that. Right.
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: She says installing no notice up here to the deeper character song.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just so you know, I, I'm going to start from scratch at another these tools are restart, but I must admit I have another VM that everything's working on so
MS Analytics Class 2021: I did all this work, I can still online go so this is this is tricks of the trade. I have friends like brewery restart this awesome I'll show that like I got her friends. Her whole presentation, she was going to do.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Was going to be on suddenly went back and so she goes live that she was like she like having a slide deck was amazing and the zoo. I am a little bit about me. And then the next slide. So as good
MS Analytics Class 2021: As it could be the Azure because a firewall at the college and we're speaking on blogs and no one had to go hovering interconnected. This was a few years ago.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So yeah, so that's TensorFlow installed runny nose, this is TensorFlow to own to God. Every reversion floaters on here where your latest
MS Analytics Class 2021: Wave stable.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's all. Thanks for your latest on right, I'm going to fall and then I don't see
MS Analytics Class 2021: That doesn't fully go salt into flow. I apologize.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I get so excited to handle myself like I said
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So once I saw
MS Analytics Class 2021: Cobra and watch them all the wines itself.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is I don't wear my watch.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The whole night. And so, my wife is not quite been long enough. Yeah. So TensorFlow.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Stewart version to Microsoft Google when they wrote the two dot o version TensorFlow they automatically embedded into care stuff. So, and carrots, is we're missing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is a submission. This classes. It's so much about teaching you. Hey, how about the neural net and intentions.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll show you in a second, just because I want to show you how saving on that you might have known and use it to print will show you that. And the second half.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But that's precisely point in this class. But I will say this. So, you know, some salt TensorFlow Google work with curious and Charisse makes using TensorFlow a lot easier. And what I mean by that is
MS Analytics Class 2021: It gives you the ability to have this other window quick as open over here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: gives you the ability to do like things like this so that when you start building in your models.
MS Analytics Class 2021: These model and drop. So here, if you remember in our own that. So I think they'll didn't know that, so knock it out right you have different layers. Right. So each one of these lines here is a different layer right
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so this is this is what carries is given cara, cara has given me this ability to easily build these layers and right and so that's that's what's cool about attention now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just a little something extra. So let's
MS Analytics Class 2021: Install
MS Analytics Class 2021: That one the other ones doll install export the environment to gamble file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And while this is why I will take a second. I'm a Visual Studio Visual Studio here if you look
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right here and Visual Studio.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the extension manager.
For
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I should I think this will show you I have with some lean in the slide.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So yeah, it's right here, you look right here in the slide I show you right here. Sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I should have a mountain song right here. So if you if you get to Visual Studio and call install a machine you're like oh those two packages on the install
MS Analytics Class 2021: Their, their line right here to tell you. And this slide. It's also this little I'm going to show you that so that you if you forget your. Oh, yes. He said they were in there. So I go click the extension manager, I get the full search the top and I can type Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And why do you want your see tons of these ignore all the ones, written by Dr. Thomas. He's a hack on killing explains
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is kind of like
MS Analytics Class 2021: These are all people that say they're bad person, you're good. I have no idea which only needed why because Microsoft and Jane January 2019
MS Analytics Class 2021: Release there's
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it's awesome. So why found this Python. I click right here you can see there's 30 million downloads.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Extension actually people use Visual Studio Code judge all the stuffs a waiting room or Pilates when Saul pilot relenting
MS Analytics Class 2021: Debugging telescopes Jupiter notebooks code all the stuff that can do. The cool thing is you click on this, there's a bunch of links in here to shortcuts.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The show you commands and things. So if you forget you know like what was some cool demands and Python extension for Visual Studio code they understood by extension, click on the extension and I can see that what Bobby is all so when you click on it, you click Install analysis, darling.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So for sake of time on what the song background where you go back to my account upon
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just a solid recipe. So just potential for an hour, other couple pack three packages, but they're not in the content package distribution. So that part of that condo and accountant network. They're just an IPA at work. And so we have to use a pit packaged and sold them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we'll install those real quick.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Notice
This
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is a big one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So she's back just real quick.
MS Analytics Class 2021: How those checks going to hear and saying, Hey, you already had some time. Hey, Harry Potter movie. And then it goes successfully installed actually Bruce Nauman install the psychic learn to Alex will talk about onyx and hopefully get to the kitchen first part of next week.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Send the syllabus. I'm waiting weeks out with what covering to do for you to know everything you do your homework, hopefully we'll get everything if not one thing minuses GitHub actually have to get help, because as your homework, okay. I'm sorry. So let's install the last one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the next one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we'll talk about these packages as a man with a beard is all packaging right so then now I have my environment all set up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so all I do is export this so that I can use it later on. And so if we remember. And this slide right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We can export this environment, what's coming in the fall to build and build a new environment, right. So we can say, hey,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Take this fall, we had sort of test all the version, Python, we use the package of us. And when you create a pipeline so
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we're going to do is I come back here. I say this coming in here. This
MS Analytics Class 2021: So let's just say, believe me. I mean, you just
MS Analytics Class 2021: Saw this is a lot spring, this is just what I'm showing here is like a
MS Analytics Class 2021: What this is here. So quick this is just me saying, hey, when you get your body ready to sign in the end of class. And one thing to do is build your own environment and then export it out to the end will follow tonight and will fall in and basically
MS Analytics Class 2021: What I'm just showing you here is I want you to put your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your name, and I'm just showing you like when you build these out my stuff like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I wish I come here. Am I export this environment out to the gym.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So right and then I open the email follow up. So now if I do during
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can see crazy. Oh, wow. So
I like this because
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then if I come over here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I just go into the folder by. So as you see, I was in the sea users bought this is just my father.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thing put up the channel so you see right here. There's the name of
MS Analytics Class 2021: The environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There's all the dependencies all the packages and the varying of those packages. Right. So if you look, there's a potential for your mercy. The, the, the
MS Analytics Class 2021: The see born here and see, you know, you're going to see all the tires and install the ones at the top. And for those of you that are at home. Are you being silly pointing at the screen, I think.
MS Analytics Class 2021: With all these, these are the ones I've installed icon of your mom. You're a single ones right
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then there's a stallion prefix. This is the folder in solid. So we do now is take this this file. If I want to go and create a
MS Analytics Class 2021: New environment or pray this works.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And test.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It doesn't
MS Analytics Class 2021: Mean your problem is that
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what I say here is created by man. Use this file for all the packages of things I want install it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then give it a name down. So this case, I'm going to delete this package is done.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, now if you were somebody gave you the CMO file and said, hey, you're great. You're great. This package for project and how like the project name on there. You might not use the minus 10 given the main
MS Analytics Class 2021: things at the same name is your buddy has or has on their machine. So if you're all in the same with the same
MS Analytics Class 2021: Environment, right, the same package, you know, the same environment thing there. Okay, so that when you start writing code and scripts against this stuff don't have all the same past the same names for your vitamins.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry, I was just going through reading again for checking on dependency checking on packages and resolving all this stuff, say, Hey, can I do this for you based on all the all the necessary.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Information, the channel fun to do that. So I'm gonna let that run in the background will come back and seeing the finished when I go back
MS Analytics Class 2021: To Visual Studio Code every good so far, which really good created for us this text file. I'll just recap this isn't as far as the steps, while
MS Analytics Class 2021: I run it line by line because somebody's property for a lie. Yes, I do this. And so, don't just copy all this Ryan Ryan it line by line and follow the prompts. So creating an environment we activated it
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the name you gave it, I recommend just run this file, all the way through on 11
MS Analytics Class 2021: On your machines and use this environment for class right and so you saw these packages and then he said, Hey, let's export it out. And let's create a new environment with a new name this case, I called it delete me
MS Analytics Class 2021: Username
MS Analytics Class 2021: So back in Visual Studio code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Visual Studio code is our ID or integrate interactive dissolve environment you know Mike Sanford integrated. I can't remember.
MS Analytics Class 2021: what it stands for. It's your Windows client to write code is what it is. So notice now it says disable or install our Python is installed. When you install one morning
MS Analytics Class 2021: And economy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Not a man, a man
MS Analytics Class 2021: That is
Happening.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Today,
Karen Fireman: Jamie few questions, Karen.
Karen Fireman: Um, I'm not sure I got into that part. I think I downloaded it the Visual Studio part, but I'm not sure how to get into it to where you are.
So,
Karen Fireman: Visual Studio. I mean, I don't have that part sitting up
Karen Fireman: I know
Karen Fireman: I thought I did.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then you go programs.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You should have
Karen Fireman: You see if we can. Yeah, I hope it's there. Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, I'm wondering the baby bundle between the last time I did this and this time the anaconda extension.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And to get the same thing. Yeah. I apologize. I
MS Analytics Class 2021: Wonder if the bundle the anaconda
MS Analytics Class 2021: The mitochondrial DNA condescension, and Python extension.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Into the same thing I do apologize I
Just checked.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The pipeline session. Yeah, that'll be good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I apologize. I'll take the slides.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll take the slides and re download a really good. I do apologize.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that is
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that is the MO manufacturer. So it's great to see it go so obviously the bundled
MS Analytics Class 2021: Into this into just that used to be you install the pilot extension, the next all the upcoming session right Microsoft and I got somebody said, Why you do that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I guess somebody told Microsoft music. We don't want this. So, so now that we have the Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: extension installed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I come like file and say new file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And let's just say
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hello for spring break free Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hello.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My name is bit closer.
Over there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I just say File, Save As.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I'm going to save this as Nate colonnade
They
MS Analytics Class 2021: See why
MS Analytics Class 2021: Notice all of a sudden they put a little Python logo there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It put the
MS Analytics Class 2021: So notice that said, Hey, you got this Python thing. Here's your get started guy and Ben said, hey, you don't see an interpreter meeting selected.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we can click here and say select the interpreter. This little thing that popped up here if you forget gnosis purple bar down here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your turn will always show up right here. So since was not selected and saying, Hey, select them. So if I click that I just clicked. I just click right here works and select interpreter, it dropped down this
MS Analytics Class 2021: Notice my bought six at night.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You see that
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that I thought extension knows how to knows that I have many condom this case installer. And it kind of goes into account as well.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It knows that it's on there and it's showing you the three environments showing you the base one that's the base on Connor Connor showing the deli meat which is they come back, you're going up my prompt here it finished right so now if I, I just jump back to the prom.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I apologize. Just jump back across the show you all the moment right base the bar. And this is a dummy, we just installed. So if I activate this deli.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And say, kinda. Plus, you know, this will show you all the packages and Dallas has all the same ones all the same versions. That's how you can call me back. And then
MS Analytics Class 2021: For example, if I do that by clicking the environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I might have a project called you know version one over project and it's using 3637 Python and these versions potential flow or packages. I'm using. And now we're going to, you know, we are going to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Have new versions of the packages out and they work in 3738 we want to use them. Well some of upgrading all your stuff in that one environment and running and code. Open it works. You can call that environment to new environment. Give it a new name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like three eight and then update the packages of their investor code. And that way the congress online, you still have the old environment and Canada, but you can find your audience. Makes sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thank you. Thank you all so so now you're select our broker this case out of pic bought 689 why because
MS Analytics Class 2021: In the manual I open up the folder that has all the Python code. I want to show you how to use a psychic learn seaborne and TensorFlow on it uses all those files, right. So now I come back to help me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can, I can click this little extra clothes like it already, select my coworker. Now notice down here notification version of Python have 64 bit. They like on the environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: May also celebrate until I didn't realize Microsoft sometime within actually probably since November, because I want to say this talking November is about this talk.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The talk. And part of that was covering Visual Studio code and almost 100 package and still there, but maybe I'm wrong. I remember that actually install it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: After remember now if I hit shift enter, on that line. It's going to run his code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's not here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm going to right click, actually. And I'm going to say. So I know we don't like that like I really active window. So why don't we do is come right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so since this is a brand new install usually when you run when you when you write like. So this is a branded with Visual Studio Code event radio install of Python extension.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And since I installed the extension usually Visual Studio code from machine. The first kind of you on code and say, would you like to run this in the inactive window.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Which is what you want to do always say yes and also on but for whatever reason it didn't prompt me and tried to do that here in this terminal. I don't know why, but I'm going to right click and say like current file and when they interact the window.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And if you notice right down here it starting up Jupiter so
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's that notebook packaging songs or so installed on the install notebook. I said, install Jupiter and installed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In the framework to allow us to run this in this interactive window. The first time you write to pick a second because it actually has to start up
MS Analytics Class 2021: The, the Jupiter web browser software in the background. In case you didn't know how you're using keeper across the web. And the, the content distribution and some kind of distribution excusing the notebook Jupiter package for run an executable in the background that has an
Arrow again.
We try to
MS Analytics Class 2021: See that pop up as interactive fear. So now, sometimes the first time you want it. It gives me, it gives you an
MS Analytics Class 2021: Error message or error message and run it doesn't do anything. And then if you right click it again. Now it run. So right click Run current phone. Now you don't have to run the following the window. Let me go back to the slide deck, real quick, show you one slide. And we'll take a break. Okay.
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry for the couple hiccups.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, so these are just like
MS Analytics Class 2021: Some of the official story over here. Someone wants to call rail, right, like what kinda install ship them. This is if you want to line one line at a time. Or if you want to select a few lines and run them in your Visual Studio code you highlight it shipped them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then extend it has this support for
MS Analytics Class 2021: This I Python this kind of thing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm going to delete them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sounds good. And then I'll change the screen. Yeah, I don't know when they got rid of the anaconda extension, but they did. So that's the stuff. I don't think there's a slide on that Jupiter notebooks. I might talk about was definitely cheaper notebooks rock and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Roll us adult books and getting the data works, but
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah. So yeah, Microsoft. So I see a question about the extension if you just go to the extension we type Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's the one theory here where it says Microsoft. That's the key.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Was a Microsoft and then you gave an install or if you're right there. It says install right there. You just click the little install here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is a
MS Analytics Class 2021: Closing song. So then now when I hit shift enter, it's going to run this in the forest.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What's good about this guy right the window is
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm going to give you a couple things on here.
Jose Adan Prego: If I want to restart my channel.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can hit this and it will clear all my objects and everything in my, in my environment and started fresh so I hit that little thing right there is you want to restart the Jeep Europe. So yeah, so don't ask again.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now it's restarted. If I want to clear out all of yourself. That's over here. I click the little arrow right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then
MS Analytics Class 2021: It should
MS Analytics Class 2021: Be more on the red sauce.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Or
Jose Adan Prego: Yeah, I was just wondering how do you Katie another Python instance like he got one that it's hello Nate of how to create like a different instance
MS Analytics Class 2021: So right here, when I just click the international want to open up
MS Analytics Class 2021: Another one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when I took a long time. Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't know, I think, like right right click and I said, Well, I like the window sitcoms me the same you like to run this in another window, and then we'll
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can do it that way. I can't remember if there's a, I don't really. I typically when I'm going just have this one open right
Jose Adan Prego: But I was I was referring you know you have one instance of hello Nate's, how would you create a another like file or
MS Analytics Class 2021: Not so much. So when you're
MS Analytics Class 2021: On file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, say, you know,
Jose Adan Prego: Nada. But is that a Python file, though.
Jose Adan Prego: Oh, gotcha, gotcha.
Jose Adan Prego: I can
MS Analytics Class 2021: Stay
On keeping
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can say that there is a file, say I give a name, right. So now I can say hello.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The reason why knows it's a Python file. So if I put a key why extension master key right no country why extension on this first
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hot sure why it's not often it's usually, usually
MS Analytics Class 2021: See what is on this new file it open up in a different instance over here, right in column A, here's a hell of it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There is a
MS Analytics Class 2021: River and the break.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For some reason it's not it's not
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's not running by default and interactive window. There's a way that says the fall. And usually, usually just proxy like the first time you do this like the the Python extension installed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The first time you run the file says, Hey, would you like to always are these in the interactive window and some reason it's not going to close this off over the backup and then we're going to definitely break we're going to apply.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The good thing is next week stuff. I don't want to have to push the homework back
MS Analytics Class 2021: Cover. So usually when you pitch. If they're like, I'm here, it will
MS Analytics Class 2021: It will see London essentially now it will usually say, Hey, would you like to always on these and the interactive window and for some whatever whatever reason it's not
MS Analytics Class 2021: Caught me so if you don't get that and runs it down here you just right click and say run current file here at the window, and then it will start up that Super Girl.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But I'll look. I just want to see why.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hello, they made it over.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's funny.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm not sure why it's not the following. The other thing I want to show you this one right here, it's up here. This is the legal part. This one right here. See this little looks like a spreadsheet. When you click that, especially all variables in your program. So if I said no. A equals
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Monica.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Stereotyping is not fun. So when he was Micah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Why is it not running for us.
MS Analytics Class 2021: dolla dolla is not a, it's a type string is the size of six Monica.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You will do data frames per second, but they different will show up here in the source column here. So get a little bit, maybe you can click. So if you're familiar with like spider or refine our studio
MS Analytics Class 2021: There'll be a little window here, you click that it will show your data frame over here and laugh all day so you can see what you're doing alright so that I'm a little longer than I expected. But I really wanted to give you a good sense of
MS Analytics Class 2021: Of what the environment looks like. I can tell you right now, we're probably not going to get through everything tonight and so probably goes back a week, but we'll get to tonight because going to nine. Right. So yeah, it's a clock out at like eight oh
MS Analytics Class 2021: No, so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Unless they just, like, No, I don't. My homework. This luckily I've never had any my playing it so
MS Analytics Class 2021: But
MS Analytics Class 2021: So anyway, I will give you to give me 10 minutes be back here you know contentment. It's about 12 after 13 after and then we'll get started.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Through the rest of the stuff I do is show you what I want you to do for homework, which is three things get out and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Pick a weapon and pipeline. I'll just show you what that code looks like. So you get started on it, and then we'll go into more detail. Couple of things I need to talk about politics and all that. All that I'll do that first part of next play somebody looks
Karen Fireman: AT ME. I DID. It's Karen. I'm sorry.
Karen Fireman: I the extension, you were talking about him and I clicked the Install Now it's trying to tell me to do something.
Karen Fireman: Set up your environment. I thought we already did that.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, so like pure Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Interpreted by credit so that it should show you all your Anaconda mind so you can pay
MS Analytics Class 2021: And what that does.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That says
MS Analytics Class 2021: And this environments can use all the packages and all
Karen Fireman: Its but I'm not getting that I click down there. But there's nothing down there. It's just like a couple symbols and x zero a triangle zero and that's it doesn't say what your says
MS Analytics Class 2021: Will have the wealth of look at it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For the sake of time, what a space.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For those of you that are taking a break. I don't share your screen to me right now. So anyway, what do you see down here. You don't see. So you install the extension. I do it is you know I've been following her
Karen Fireman: To do. Yes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what you do is so
Karen Fireman: Close it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well, you have to do you have one selected like into the
Karen Fireman: No, I couldn't do any of that I get any of that going because
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'm asking for the Joker first
MS Analytics Class 2021: Until you get a Python file. So if you say like new file I just say like Fred
MS Analytics Class 2021: Karen, would you like to close, and then it's safe to say, Karen.
MS Analytics Class 2021: dot p why and what you can save that file. You'll notice now it says has a little Python logo right here and your file and then what I should do is make that purple bar at the bottom then show you your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Interpreters and you can select interpreter
MS Analytics Class 2021: Says,
Karen Fireman: It sounds. I'll try it while you're doing the break.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hey, yeah. Sorry.
Karen Fireman: I'm sorry. No, you're good to go. Thank
You
MS Analytics Class 2021: Take a second look at what I told him for homework and make sure I cover that part. So we can actually do their homework. So then what
We'll
MS Analytics Class 2021: Do first
What you can
MS Analytics Class 2021: Do so, actually I'll
MS Analytics Class 2021: Get started.
MS Analytics Class 2021: First
MS Analytics Class 2021: Our first
MS Analytics Class 2021: Two weeks.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Before
MS Analytics Class 2021: Monday nights.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When that extension went away. That's crazy. I want to say that, see what it says over here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Jamie, you can have six to seven or 787
MS Analytics Class 2021: Extra Help afterwards, I can, if they take me more than our name. I'll
MS Analytics Class 2021: Be more than our
MS Analytics Class 2021: Last updated December 17 we
MS Analytics Class 2021: Are easy. So the account of essentially existed until December 2020 so like I actually was showing people how to use this. And so I you know I went over the slides over break and play with all the stuff
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I ran all the code. Today everything worked, but I didn't look at the extension to see that the economy, all that
MS Analytics Class 2021: Seriously, when
Karen Fireman: I'm here. Yeah, we're very
Karen Fireman: Good work home.
Karen Fireman: Oh, I found out in and I can see it up top. Now, now I'm sorry to say, I forgot what I was trying to do, then
MS Analytics Class 2021: Her mom.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so I so I just click it, it says, it says Python 3.7 432 bit. Is that wrong.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You have one that's like, did you have one that's installed for the did you do the last one I did was I
Karen Fireman: Thought I thought I did. Whatever you did. So there's something I should I should x this out or something.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well, I should show up.
Karen Fireman: When you say show up where
MS Analytics Class 2021: I see that the line. If I come, right, here we go. Right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can come down here at the bottom line, the bottom left me and you get like a little blue right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like this.
Karen Fireman: So I click that. I don't see a drop down
Karen Fireman: Yes, I do. Yes, I did. Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What do you see up here.
Karen Fireman: I'm enter interpreter path and it's
MS Analytics Class 2021: 363637336 see right here on 64 bit
Oh,
Karen Fireman: Yeah. Yes.
Karen Fireman: Yes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So like that so that I can do is when you select it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's going to then go read. Read all packages and then down here. And while you're gonna see this and that's that's that's that's the environment that vision studios are used to it.
Karen Fireman: Okay, if
Karen Fireman: Something popped up on the right, it says
MS Analytics Class 2021: To run and it's probably gonna wind was probably saying, is like analyze when you first select the fact bomber first time or the first letter for the first time it's going to go and look and
MS Analytics Class 2021: And
MS Analytics Class 2021: Shuffle packages out and all the things that has in there so he knows, hey, do I have
MS Analytics Class 2021: To I have the the
MS Analytics Class 2021: package that I don't want things interpreter. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
Karen Fireman: So it's thinking, oh, it says Python 3.6 but it doesn't see the stuff that you had over there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: At the bottom
Karen Fireman: It doesn't know it does not. It does not
MS Analytics Class 2021: It might be
Karen Fireman: Just as condos, if I'm using the base, but I didn't.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Probably clicked on it. You might accidentally selected this one right here.
Karen Fireman: Oh,
Karen Fireman: Well, that's weird because
Karen Fireman: The other one isn't there. Now I did the delete me think it's if it's in there.
Karen Fireman: Keep saying condom.
Karen Fireman: Maybe I did something wrong.
Karen Fireman: Do I change the interpreter path or something. Does that help
MS Analytics Class 2021: No, no, you should just selected like when you click that thing down there, right, the bottom left, and you get this environment right
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right.
Karen Fireman: Right, I got this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, so you you should be
MS Analytics Class 2021: You should notice like hover your mouse over like this right here, click on it and then it should change it down below.
Karen Fireman: Is saying that it's parentheses conduct, even though it has the anaconda three environments board succeeded.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Says I have to look
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can you send the image in the chat.
Karen Fireman: Yeah yeah
Karen Fireman: I can do it. I can do it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So is everybody back home. I don't want to get started. So
Karen Fireman: Good lord.
Karen Fireman: This chat. Let's put him in prison.
Karen Fireman: Okay. Sorry, I'm
MS Analytics Class 2021: Trying to I want to make sure it works so you can
Karen Fireman: Maybe I'm a little worried about that, actually.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What will be okay for a brand new what, seven, eight. On my base for so I'll make that offer so i right back where I
MS Analytics Class 2021: Started. And then I think we need to care and I can stay up even after after nine we can get you
Karen Fireman: Okay, thank you. That's very nice. I'm sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: No, you're fine. It's, it's, this is why I'm taking this program. So I was. I wasn't crazy. I did want it this over the holiday. The Anaconda package went away. On December 17 20 was the last update. So they probably pulled it even after that. So it was updated to accommodate literally got cold.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like in this last month. So I'm not sure where I did like all this stuff. I know over the holiday. And so I wasn't crazy. The I kind of package should exist, up until like you know month in a month ago.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So it wasn't like it's been missing for years and I'm lazy and haven't looked at my stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just wanted to like I was like
MS Analytics Class 2021: 100% positive I showed them online in November at the conference. Show me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right, I'm going to minimize this window. Go back to the GitHub. So real great announcement. I'll send I'll send it so you don't forget
MS Analytics Class 2021: My wrist confirmed with Dr Hartman, we can do Monday, seven, eight. So we'll move office hours from Wednesday and Monday, seven, eight. That way we don't have any conflicts.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If we need more time than the hour, I can always spirit time. We can do it, you know, Wednesday Sunday or Saturday or, you know, whatever. Probably not, Saturday, Sunday nights I can do with her Wednesday or
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: So are going with that. So real quick.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Get up. So I told her show you get up so GitHub is a online co hosting platform Microsoft actually bought it a couple years, two years ago, and it's a way to, you know, collaborate and share and server code. There's GitHub Enterprise there's versions of getting other companies come on internally.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There was a very good company. It was but sometime last month. Some somebody accidentally did something links to expose all the source code. I forget to what
MS Analytics Class 2021: What saw piece of software, something that was being hosted on Github so be careful, but it's just an online co host. So I'm just going to give you a
MS Analytics Class 2021: demo of it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because in your homework. I want you to set up your own get our account using your tablet. And, you know, address the reason why I say use your camera email address this, because
MS Analytics Class 2021: A lot of someone like me probably have GitHub accounts but one tied to your demo account so that we can just select and you know give you an assignment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: So much. Just quick show you what your have your assignment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll have you sort of a GitHub account on create repository, and we're going to show you all it means excited
MS Analytics Class 2021: To have you add me as a collaborator to your repository. What that means is as a repository or put my code will collaborate with other people so they can put their code on there and we can you know do source control and we'll talk about it in more few
MS Analytics Class 2021: Weeks, but basically repositories, where we store our code collaboration is where I can add other people to collaborate with me and give them the permissions to updating them write their own code repositories as well. And so then we'll have an update for Readme file. So that looks a second
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then I'll have your credit card environment. I just did that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the last step, hopefully we'll get to don't I'll show you first part of next week. And if we have to we can switch the homework.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Back a little bit. We got 30 or 45 minutes or so. So what's doing it through. I might come back to this and say, you know, might have to just the homework back a week or so if we need to make sure you can help first. So if I come
MS Analytics Class 2021: Back to my environment here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Go to my collections.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just an amazing
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is going. So if you just want to throw a quick demo be forgetting the steps I'm about to show you. They're all in this link here and this link is this one right here right giant follow all the steps of the cells, a little demo versa follow a few that have me for the home.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But they're there, he forget. Right. So how you create repository, and how do you
MS Analytics Class 2021: Create a branch story about redemption all your shit how you make incremental changes open pull request on that will go into more about what it is. What I want you to do is because it's not for now actually one thing. Sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just realized while you're in home with this microphone for the noise. I apologize.
Sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Close. Close.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My
MS Analytics Class 2021: GitHub repository.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Lie my
MS Analytics Class 2021: GitHub.
MS Analytics Class 2021: github.com slash that teacher. So this is my calories for this. Right. So when you first go to this on the open up a
MS Analytics Class 2021: New Window.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you go to get
MS Analytics Class 2021: What you need us.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you're creating Jermaine I'll see
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you're out at the section I want an email addresses, but luckily as well email servers, like incredibly you want to call us was that teacher
MS Analytics Class 2021: 2021
MS Analytics Class 2021: female body. She's my Gmail account without that
MS Analytics Class 2021: Password. Oh, there she is the one we have here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Actually every type of just to make sure that it is
MS Analytics Class 2021: Alright, so your, your preference if you want to get, you know, occasional product updates and then you have to verify your account. Take the nice pair, I have to sell. So you have to know a little bit of math.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let's try
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh, wow.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is under seen this faction exercise of airline. So now you're crazier Kevin right
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's going to be
MS Analytics Class 2021: Step 110 one side
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then once you have your account very
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can sign it to. So I'm already signed it is right here. I bet if I were going, you know, I think you might get like a, you might get a verification
MS Analytics Class 2021: email saying you need to verify that you know you set this up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you don't want to click that. I don't remember. Yeah, so please verify your email address. So when you set this up the first time it's going to ask you to verify. So you just verify it is if you don't there and say, Okay, so my just set this up somebody else's account.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then not verifying
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I created my account. We go back to the homework. Let's actually do is create a repository. So positive story is just a location get have to store your files. Right. And so if I come back in here. I can come over here to right here, say your repositories.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I have none here. And so if you notice right here, I have this new button, I can create a bond. When I say noon, and I said, hey, before you please verify your email. So I thought I'd
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let me double check that again.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I claim to verify button, but I think I have to actually
Karen Fireman: Log in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think I actually have to log in on what you put the verify think it makes you log in and very often, even though you verify the link in your email that makes you log in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: During the verified classes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then it gives you a six digit code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To your email.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: I apologize. I'm turning my phone is I'll have the thing of it is normal stuff in the pipeline with with other side, right. So now if I go back here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just, just follow the prompts that it tells you to do, right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You'll, you'll click the verify your email, it'll ask you to login the login with a username and password. You just put in that set up a Cal. And once you do that sort of give you another screen and it says, hey, here are the six digit code and just, you know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: You put that six digit code you verify verify
MS Analytics Class 2021: Verify like oh, here is a new repositories and now
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can give it a name. So this case I'll just say
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh, this is playing 2021 we want, right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can call the homework. I tell you what to call it. Right, so call it Assignment one
MS Analytics Class 2021: Dash your first and last name. That way when you follow the instructions and you add me as a collaborator and I go to verify your homework, I can see that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Who, who's one right so make sure you made your policy or just like I said Assignment one dashing so I'll go ahead and do that here. So I'll just say
MS Analytics Class 2021: I hit the wrong button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can't hate typing insanely
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sign up like that batch.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Johnston right make it public. So I can see it and then click this add reading right
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then you can click Add good ignore fall, we'll talk about what that is. Later on a few weeks later, and then you just say
Optional. Why is it not
MS Analytics Class 2021: That I accidentally click Create a repository. Everybody says it's creating upon my accidentally click the button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh, said I, given template. So actually just ignore that. Just ignore for now when when when the skating, or does is
MS Analytics Class 2021: It.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It allows us to have some templates to say, hey,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Certain files, you don't really get to check into your repository. It's like when you're writing code on your on your on your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Machine. For example, I think if I come right here to the documents.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You notice like the stock VS Code this.com phone. These are miscellaneous files like the Visual Studio code it. He put out there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So these getting your file has templates to ignore files like that like you play for files are not necessarily for your code or just kind of supporting different things. So again, more decisive or certain files.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But you can you can just leave that unchecked, especially I really need is part of the assignment. Make sure you call it a sign your name pictures public and say create creating a positivity and click that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you're done, now you have your repository. Notice the audience. I click that readme MD. The markdown file so
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now I have this repository. So I go back here to my stat teacher and click. Sorry. But if I go to my main page GitHub com slash my user ID. Now I see I had this repositories set up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can say something I did the spring from when we went and must create a proposal. So now if I click this assignment, one that was created on positively. So I think these things from the browser, like at Fox is a file upload files typically we're going to show you how to do this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Through other ways that you typically on like uploading the switch again like like what I'm sharing code out for people to download I
MS Analytics Class 2021: Talked to different conferences and stuff. And then I want to share my code out to people so they can go and download it later on.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I used to GitHub repository name in the name of my talk, and I go do exactly where I now and not only my code. So, so I just grabbed this three by five files I created there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I just have to say, I have to commit those changes. So I'll say, hey, upload the files and then I'll admit them. I can say added Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Examples from class. This is just a description so that I can fall in the history, the changes are made and then right. Obviously this committed directly the main branch will talk about branching later on if you're like us. I really want to know what the branches. You can go back to that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That that will hello godly. And the thing that's a good commit changes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And now I Love Lucy false for the homework. I don't believe I asked you to upload files.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm just asking you to add me as a collaborator by using. So if I come back to my repository. Now, right here, or in settings prayer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I click that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I could manage access
MS Analytics Class 2021: Access
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'm going to invite a collaborator and I'm just gonna buy it but others that teacher
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so I tell you the user says, Hey Jamie Johnson actually like myself as a collaborator, so you had to the voluntary.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And now I'll have a pending invitation, but I can we were positive. So I can now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Upload to this repository as well. So I can in in the office. Right. I need to get on my things like Agile DevOps might be using
MS Analytics Class 2021: Other types of software, but generally more than one person is in the repository uploaded coast and this example I had me and I have my other
MS Analytics Class 2021: And we both been uploaded repository. The code, we started talking about it and how we can branch off and merge code changes back in
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is important because now I now have two people writing this repository and free edit. Same exact file and they two different changes we need to know how to manage all that will cover that a few weeks, but
MS Analytics Class 2021: For now, that's that part some value. I just showed you how to add me as a collaborator. The last thing I asked you to do is saying, hey,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Update the remain with something that she mind when we're in this class. So, so you might go back here and so then she come back to the top part of your positive or just click this little
MS Analytics Class 2021: This little breadcrumb right here. If I click the this part is the repository.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I have my really got Indian Civil
MS Analytics Class 2021: It is right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can edit the streaming on me.
So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is a markdown file so calm just means make it be heading.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I shouldn't say how know how to not to be heading. I want to learn why Mr.
Johnson.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Has colored extensions
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then it says, hey, make those changes. So character or commit the changes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those kind of put a default 100 for me. It just says add in this case is I just been reading. So now I have to make changes. And what that does is it committed my changes into into the
MS Analytics Class 2021: Into the into the repository. Right. So now I see the spa. Now you can see it in there. So that will cover from here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We did this earlier.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then now go on. So we have like 30 minutes we'll go on to the rest of stuff I'll cover what I can. We're trying to cover these two things right now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But I don't know if I get off of that. I think what I want to do is take three minutes and say, what are we asking is, how many of you are really comfortable with Pandas and non pie.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Maybe you need a refresher.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let's see. Carrie, shaking her head. Yes. So I will give you a refresher, The cool thing is it's all in a file and you can just follow so Yancy Gabrielle suggest so
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm not the type of person that says okay to people said yes. The referee picking
MS Analytics Class 2021: Up a lot because what I know is I just had to people that are honest and they want a refresher in the morning after class that are, you know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't really want to say it's the last. Yes. So I'm going to show you not manners and apply
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that might be on Tuesday, and then we'll take the rest of stuff. The next week and then you can least get started with the first half of the homework.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hit that ready and then we need to we can push the homework back or we consult and we'll have some problems with the material comprehensive doesn't take doesn't take all of the hour. I got
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can't play in this. I know I have like two or three classes where we have like another two hours on to the concepts of February for Project coaching, I think. And then I lose
MS Analytics Class 2021: Asked you to bring Mr. That's okay. We'll get all material covered and it'll be great. Okay, so let's go back to the slides, real quick.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So covered all of this, you know, mentioning this fine line you're going important how important module. Right. And for packages into code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Paper notebooks.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is a comment here. I'm sorry, I'm jumping on
MS Analytics Class 2021: I believe it's just popping something notice right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I show you this, but because we're kinda install notebook and those environments. For those of you that like Jupiter notebooks.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You have it in those environments. So for those of you that know what Jupiter notebooks are and you like them. And you're like, in the class with Dr. Jones and needed to go and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Use the Jupiter notebook to write your code. If you create the environment like I gave you. Now you have the Jupiter notebook to go in and create and say new Python three, five and you know code away to your heart's content.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Prayer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right, let's try Jonah, I'm just looking for names that are, you know,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your concert
MS Analytics Class 2021: So below. You know, I can say insert a markup, so
MS Analytics Class 2021: Mark down. So whatever right so that's that's just that I just wanted to show you that real quick because I did have a slide in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You do have Jupiter notebooks. When the environment that having set up does have different books. And that's what that kinda and saw does notice one thing when you do watch the Jupiter notebook. Notice it starts this little command prompt and notice this one command here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you close the browser. Your Jupiter curl store running and this little, little file down this little icon of this little orange thing here, right. So if you click on it, you just go here and type, Control C.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that Colonel will go away and shut up and close. So just something to know about paper notebooks. Oh, one thing again. I'm sorry. Only the source. So if you go to my goodness comsat teacher
MS Analytics Class 2021: Knows how repository here called SAP teacher GitHub IO.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is a cool feature where
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can have one repository called your username and GitHub dot GitHub IO. And then what that becomes is your own web server to do code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so if I look at this repository. I have assembly. I saw a halter teaching seeking high school I do on Monday, Wednesdays and start probably warnings.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Volunteer interaction computer science teacher there. And we did a program called snap for first acknowledge each of Python, but we also talked about it on the web pages.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But you can actually create a repository call with has to be your name. Can you just give us a made up GitHub IO, it has to match exactly what your name is by getting the bio, and then you can put a
MS Analytics Class 2021: Index and then you put an index HTML file in there. If you know HTML and this case, it got some JavaScript thing. That's amazing. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so then I can then have my own web page.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like this. Listen to some some
MS Analytics Class 2021: Code example we should enjoy. But this is just this little sidebar. It's kind of cool. So if you wouldn't you want to have set up your own get up President your code and all that. And then you just you're like hell. I don't really want to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Have a big block, block type thing. But I want to give people a web page and on. You can do this, get hung
MS Analytics Class 2021: up just a little home icon wheezing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That actually in class. I didn't know. That's how it works. The, the dice will teach you that teaches the class I teach with each other so
MS Analytics Class 2021: pandas and non pod so so pandas are series and data frame so serious, or like vectors, they all factors. So series you just think of it like
MS Analytics Class 2021: One column of data or one row and being right or mean, technically seriously just one value, but it's one row of data or data frames will be rows and columns. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the pandas package also has a lot of other things to do besides just the ability to create series data frames the Panda package gives you
MS Analytics Class 2021: These and put out what tools are you seek support. So that's the open database activity support. So hey, I want to connect to a sequel server database in Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Using pilot. So you see when you install this package and then you can then use the pilots, etc. They go and get at the sequel server.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can show you the example that second where you can if you want to screen if you want to see that I can ask Allah give you a link to my he just got a stack cowboy icon GitHub that's got comm slash that called when I'll send a message. Don't remember remember it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There's an intro and advanced intro and advanced Python course out there that's got some code and one of its like some panels code to like connect to sequel server using Python, etc. So for those of you that want to do that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll show you that link is also an agenda that's changed for you since your data from children like
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thank you Elizabeth. Think of paint a data frames is to fight for your series is just like a one road data in one column of data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so data frame and rows and columns.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They're not pie or largest multi dimensional arrays and so they're n dimensional. So in two dimensional three dimensional I've done
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like that we have really, really sparked outrage to work with you as a PhD from the University of Texas, and he's a deep learning like brilliant guy and I know, I know a lot of way those without my he was doing five dimensional not high res two feet too deep learning
MS Analytics Class 2021: Stuff for predicting can seismic data trying to predict where all the gases and size of data really smart complicated stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But like he's done by the non Pio race that we use the fee structure for models to build these
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so he's not pie arrays can be really there's a really fast and lightweight and they're typically just made up numbers, strings, what what usually repeating these large number of race and to engineers in the Python to go and do things like deep learning
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so one thing to think of like joy I think of like an empire. Right. Think about like an inch right so really the digital image is made up of the grave right and so
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I come here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I just
MS Analytics Class 2021: Give me a filling in the blank page here. Come on, give me a blank sheet somewhere.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Along sorry john other story here. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Action. So if anyone in the drain. Let's just do this once a person right let's just say this image right here. And if you draw the screen scraping and these images are digitally right
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right. So in this non pie. Right. We have two dimensions. Right here we have the X and the Y, right, we have this pencil here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: was faithful here has a car when the pixels really being is to go in there, but that color of I might have around agreeing to move on.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so now we get into these multi dimensional arrays to show this up right and so now we're getting these three dimensional arrays are we happy. That's an ally for that pixel and then we have the color.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So it might be just a lot of times you're taking that and compressing that RGB to like a black and white.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Type of thing so so when you go there. You're like, you know, show me all the characters of Google.
MS Analytics Class 2021: These deep learning's guys to take in building these non Pio days off these images that have the numbers represent all these pixels so that we can then flow into the subsequent models are tech right
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so you'll have fun. Others one that's like the testing is it five chicken or gold golden
MS Analytics Class 2021: Apparently they have our timeline. It's got its golden doodle.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Five.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Chicken.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My friend used to have this
MS Analytics Class 2021: Meeting.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is as well. So it's like, is this a golden doodle or fights. And so that's really the algorithm hard time because think about
MS Analytics Class 2021: It right and I'm drawing the grid a golden doodle for looks a lot like fried chicken. And so it's like a really hard time. I don't know those Google or whoever that
MS Analytics Class 2021: We started seeing this weird anomaly. But yeah, it's a
MS Analytics Class 2021: bold new fried chicken have deep learning me my friend had to sign up for his
MS Analytics Class 2021: Address the pain isn't the effects, but that's what these non perishable items that were using them for is to is to build these type of things. So I think it's throwing Aspen society.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's no pies are not be wherever you pronounce it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Functions, you know, in Python. I'm just showing you this like you guys aren't learning that it's just a profession death malfunction. Take some variables.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you, if you have the faults for your variables that go after two variables and no default. And this is how functions aren't. Remember, Python, you know, you don't use tabs and spaces and they're all in the same spaces. Right. They classes and objects.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You'll, you'll need to write classes. Don't use classes or objects in this class, per se, when we start getting out there, or should I go on Python code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Look at this code and see how you can build the classics classes, make your code reusable.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you can build a class, you might have like this case, it's a class database. It has some functions for me Ms sequel Oracle and and have that may and you can see where in the bottle here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'm exchanging that class multiple times what I'm saying, Hey, give me one called prod database.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And whatnot that database and then I'm expansion in Oracle version of it or MS sequel version of that class. And so I'm extension in different functions. So this is just
MS Analytics Class 2021: Don't worry so much about this right now, but it's just a slide here. So if you hear the word class object.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And Python, you have a slide. Go back and look at and then what I'll do is going because right now the last 30 minutes and we'll get you the refresher on non hi pandas lets you go home and we go catch my breath. And so my as mine and amass I am diner.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So one thing though, I, I jumped around a lot. So I'm sorry we're going up as another pilot in a second. But remember, I told you, like,
MS Analytics Class 2021: My interactive window. It was always like, it usually just always runs in the interactive window. I think they changed the defaults. That's a figure out how to change it because I went down here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Back in a second.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I went down here and I click bite and I click Python gave me the
MS Analytics Class 2021: Configure Python language based settings. And this is where that interactive window mode, it says core file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so I put their fix that. And so I'll figure it out and said, you know, but that's why I have to keep going and say run current file and interactive window so no
MS Analytics Class 2021: interactive window, it used to be, it would ask you the first time you always learn Python code and they are at the window. They must have changed in the last month or two.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so I hate it. Very there's a setting. I can do to change it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And probably in one of these. There's a few of the settings are in here. But there's a
MS Analytics Class 2021: Crowd I work in so many tools and it also same way i can i can all figure and second
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll figure it that's about when you're in here. It'll always running in this interactive window and not down here is this is just so
MS Analytics Class 2021: That it says I'll figure out so so if you can change that setting. I'll send you a note probably like a Word doc with some screenshots, do this, do this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I'll change it so that when you have the Python code in your Visual Studio code and you want it. No always running and the interactive window for you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay. So, so what I did and the
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you have Visual Studio code right here. Let me close this out.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can go file folder and so just on my desktop here, I just say the
MS Analytics Class 2021: This week one folder.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I selected.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It opens up. All right. Funny thing is I click these PDFs.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There's actually extinction serious marketplaces extension. You can be no one extension three PDF file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So database class that P lie, this is the actual code I showed you in the slide earlier, this is how this works. You know, so if I run this current file window you can see where it runs and does that
MS Analytics Class 2021: But when I go to in here. We're come back to all these onyx ones, he's asked a learner's these RS job was actually through so
MS Analytics Class 2021: For those of you that are of interest. I think it's a talk about on the show you the code, but you have to go and so
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you want to look at the assignment and try to attempt to rally showing you can do that. If not, I'll definitely talk about it in
MS Analytics Class 2021: The office on Monday and all, don't they do become the office hours when I will never the case, I'll never take something in office hours.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That didn't teach in the class. I'll just reiterate something or I might show you another example. I talked to you in the office hours of another way, another
MS Analytics Class 2021: Type of way of doing something, but using like another eight different data set to do the exact same thing. I showed you
MS Analytics Class 2021: Know, whatever think you have to kill the virus or something, but something I will get a chance to cover these today, I want to do next week.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But I will started off as a shot. So let me give you 30 minutes again as a refresher. So in this download here at this red wine quality Panda some pie.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it uses these two datasets right one quality wife Holly read and one body.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Quite and all I have in here is
Mr. Brown is
MS Analytics Class 2021: Good. Right, so I am here is my import statements to import
MS Analytics Class 2021: My package it to the pandas. So you'll always see his work as as p important on pies and P import seaborne SMS, you know, that's just kind of the false and format pot pie.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Matt plot plot pipeline as plt. So these are just alias. So down here. I don't have to type pandas green CSV, I can use this alias P. Right. And you probably like this, right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'm just good morning. My
MS Analytics Class 2021: Packages ID.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And this one right here from settings important accurate. What as soon as far as your settings up P. Well, what I'm saying is from settings. So I go back through away.
MS Analytics Class 2021: From settings that tells Python know look for a follow the same directory called settings that poi important
MS Analytics Class 2021: Absolutely. So if you go into the settings you see this happening and what this afternoon is is has our own thing and it says, hey, the directory that I'm in right now set a environment to that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if I come up here and my variables. If you see this app from very right here, which is this. So the song. You can see it says, hey, send it to the sea users. My Folder. And what that allows me to do is when I didn't these
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thing here when I reference. So here
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I when I reference why
MS Analytics Class 2021: Why call I read that CSV, I can say use this whole function as a joint effort.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And enjoy in my file and that way might go on so it's it's a it's a shortcut ways are not fully type out my path names and things like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so I can use the same file and you can do things like this app static. What this is saying, if I had another folder called static reference app static and and be the full path that present slashed
MS Analytics Class 2021: So let's just want real quick so pandas read csv and read in the CSV file separated and this case by so evil ones.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right. So that's that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now I have a file and our prep what
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's going to bring it down here and that's why
MS Analytics Class 2021: I fix this, this shirt should be very soon as one current test file and Python file and come all the stuff there should be options that say online. I'm not sure what the heck's going on. I will fix that tomorrow and fix it, but
MS Analytics Class 2021: Not sure why. So the thing that's crazy. I'm going to do this for a second because I know this works in this environment is related to the backup environment. So I come over here and my pain does not apply here because I know this one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Slide and click here and I can say for your life on. And guess what, here's the option right here. True. Yeah. Well, the only difference
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I come back to my other I'm erratic turnover and I click here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can set this to true.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's that's the community wants, but I'm gonna go back here. Sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just got excited. I had fallen. Hey, I can fix it this way. Right. So actually is a different name selection interactive window. Oh, come on. Let's go back to the pants, I'm fine. So on this one over here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's my path. So now I
MS Analytics Class 2021: Want all the treating the separator. Remember I told you the school feature up here, this little table thing right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right to my my zoom and start right over here.
Hi guys.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I click that and my variables are not nervous. So because of data frame a panel data frame. I click this, I get the data view, and now I can see my age, right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: He told the rows and store.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let's go like this and say, Hey, why are you writing this period CSV, write your code. Like, why is it not gonna be output you look at your way. Okay. If your size 001 didn't read your file right this case, it says 1509 lives right so if I practice type
MS Analytics Class 2021: See on here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is a panda data frame.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right info info gives me some cool stuff right tells me if there's contractors Knowles meaning like I was missing data and these columns are not
MS Analytics Class 2021: Tells me the data types of detective for those columns on the right hand side access all that right. How much memory issues. Read the first five rows.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The last five rows.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Take a sample of finance. So several million rows of data and there's like different quick sample of 100,000 rows to do something with. You can use a sample.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It says this is go home and open this up in your Visual Studio code and run the right
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the wind describe this is kind of cool this is. Show me the mean, the standard deviation. The men clean farmer said 50% 7% so we're the animals in order for towels are
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we don't have an older data. But if we did. And we went to just get rid of no values we can
MS Analytics Class 2021: We can pred the ones that are known. So this all ties false. We don't have enough
MS Analytics Class 2021: Or I can frame was not so notice it's all true, this is just showing me back. What's an all or nothing. So everything in this case you ever write an info, it shows up all over all our columns columns physically homeless right here. All our columns are not know right
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then if I actually dropped them all, like, you're still dropping. So data frame and dropping a and we're good. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So bear with me so far. So this is I
MS Analytics Class 2021: Created slicing dicing Karen. That's what's nice. So let's say I want a slice, just the fix acidity calm.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Around that and that gives me the fixes and I'm not saying some variables. But if I wanted to create a series of this is a variable.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can do like, you know, set of variables and I have a variable. And if I come up here you now see I have this band right or if I'm going to select multiple things I can put inside of here and say,
Hello, the name of the column.
Peaks
MS Analytics Class 2021: Can say p capital H i just say
MS Analytics Class 2021: Fix the city and pH.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now you can see her. I
MS Analytics Class 2021: Should just like the to myself, Well, I saw one of I think that should work. So you see how you slice the two columns. Right. So if you want to do that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you want to extract from road to until the end to Python, everything starts with zero, the US our languages started one. So those you take a class. What are your indexing starts with 01 and R and Python success zero. So all wrote to the end, I can use this I'll occasion uses the
MS Analytics Class 2021: The
MS Analytics Class 2021: One here is just going to select
Where you go
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is a select we're at 59 nine Euros. This is coming exclusively for sure. This is how you can slice by row, then how extract column wanting to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Can also use this island function. So this is a function of just using the the index in column zeros or whatever, right. So this slice columns wanted to and all the rows.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you can see how does that like. So again, I'm not setting these variables. I'm just showing you the functions, how they work. But if you need it to be taken put these variables, use them. You just put like a variable, right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So are they filling out here you can see where hey this this is I use. I look this is how you do it with the name of the column. So, if I remember right here in the info.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, my darling. So here you can see where I have the column name right. This is what's creating specify
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right here, I'm
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry, and this done. So this is actually a list this this line is double Brian's so here's this this Brian. The other right that's your passion and the list of the columns you want to extract
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then you can also do the rows and columns. So the throws comma columns. So I can say track the first you know 11 rows and are the first things first. I'm sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It's the first 10
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because Python is not exclusive on your on your when you do your ranges, right, the last number doesn't get that last summer, it goes up until it right so
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's why we do these little things on here, the ranges. Notice you didn't get 012 we got zero and one. Because Python doesn't, it's not inclusive in the, in the last number. So that's all we only got 10 00 through 910 us because our Python what
MS Analytics Class 2021: We can do belt so we can gather the rows and columns. So you can say, hey, take and pivot this right now. We pivoted and we have, we took all the columns and pivot and so having the data looking like
MS Analytics Class 2021: This where we have one row and had this big city like that reaction is about function and pivoted right. We also have a new group by selling the sales group by quality and get the mean for quality right let me close this up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, so for quality three here. You're being divided right are calling for years. I mean, Fallout, right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you can use this to the table function.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now you can see where we pivoted gathering so quality and top become the columns. And then, and then we have the road. All the diagnosis and what the meaning. And so what we're aggregating right
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now, listen to me, and the white wine data set so that we can do things like concatenate or data frame together and getting in our dear friend, so now white wine is if you look at the if the day I hope you don't mind around 510
MS Analytics Class 2021: People, the white light has the same number of columns red wine payment has the same number of columns.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now I just want to add them together so that I can do that. I can shoot that functions.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Together again when you go and run this file, it's not like I said, it's like creating variables. I'm just praying misled the opposite come out so you can see what it does. But when you're writing code, you might say, Hey, let's put these together and say, Read y
MS Analytics Class 2021: Equals run that just created the red, white male frame and then. So if you look at that. Now you see you have 6497 rows. And then you have st our columns, because we just took the Red Rose Rose and getting them together. But then he also enjoying three news is can cap function to join.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we're going to have some set of columns and we're saying this x exception. And so what that does is
MS Analytics Class 2021: What that does is it then creates and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Using the the white TV. I like of location to a rock concert before and then columns for through 11
MS Analytics Class 2021: X one day we can create that's all we're doing is we're extracting out or in this case, I'm just, I'm
MS Analytics Class 2021: In this case, I'm just taking and saying, taking the data split apart and put it back together in this case.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just to show you how for demo how the sub setting the first four columns from this wine they have said that I'm saying the rest of the columns and then putting them back together. So I enjoy it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's all. So you still you still enough rose 11 com so what I did here is I said, Hey, take the first four calls and then take the last lesson for them 10 six columns are loving her know seven calls in sitcoms
MS Analytics Class 2021: Or something, whatever for 11 six
MS Analytics Class 2021: Seven columns last seven columns, but the love and then just put it back again and the access one says, Do it on that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: On the joy, the same calls
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then, these are just examples. So the idea is to kind of go like, you're kind of go through these and play with them. Let's just get comfortable. Right. So I'm going to build this data frame. So this is how I can use the data frame function to build my own
MS Analytics Class 2021: My own data. So you're already the CSC and this case I'm creating a data frame line.
MS Analytics Class 2021: By using this data planning function to read in and create an LP and then have it right so if you look right here at the LT I had the value and I read that data frame and then this is just using the dictionary.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'm just saying hey practice data frame. The first column is our key. Here's a list of items. I want to be in it. And then I have to have a list of saying over same number of
MS Analytics Class 2021: Values and is this list of, say, hey, this is the values I want for that data frame. And so what I'll do is, is create a couple data sets that are
MS Analytics Class 2021: The same size four columns by or four rows by two columns right here so I can show you like what the merged on us. So, so like the summary statement. I'm saying do a Left Join and say where they match join them over into right
MS Analytics Class 2021: Actually, excuse me, this is just joining us to joining on joining data frame to in a data frame on one and I'm saying the key value joining on the LP
MS Analytics Class 2021: And they are key. So you see all those upstream and bar and baz and food and food. So there's one and through this one is fine, right, so then when I run the statement I end up with is
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can see and awkward. A new era, a pain to my airplane one the for buyers that were in there too. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that I did actually then paint. I actually joined it with
MS Analytics Class 2021: I joined it together like a joint not getting this. Yeah. That doesn't make sense, but took the data frames and I just put them side by side joining on this one sheet right this these these keys.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Joins were
MS Analytics Class 2021: enjoying them all together that way. So,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just a few things to show your plot stuff so I can apply a histogram of the city, the laptop for a one is drinking alcohol. So this is, you know, as I said, we have more than my last holiday and we did an off on Fridays as a presenter alcohol nine to one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Correlation products so far on this one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So they didn't see request calculator, not really my favorite going
MS Analytics Class 2021: Actually not the source of excellent
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I'll just grab a subset of columns in this because this case, a little bit of math to do these plots and this is the sequel package.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now you can see how I get these plots like this right and scatter plot my favorites. They can see more as a pair grade because it really gives you a great visual of
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your so you're looking between two variables to see if their interactions.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So think about something about the integration class, right. You want to see if you're if you're if you're independent relatedness.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Interactions right and so you did correlation plots and look that right. I like to see more than one because you get the scatter plot over here so I can see hey look, there's a relationship there, right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can see speaks of city, and that is to citric acid. Well, yeah, of course. Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Obviously you're sick if you're sick capacity and have more fixed city. Right. But also, like, what it does is as a scatter plot on the side, and it has a system around plots.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In the middle where they were in a match where it says things going on in the same thing. So for residual sugar hits residual sugar. This is showing us around.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the the slice heat map showing you, your distribution and see how this so this right here is this right here, one presented as a heat map and like people I love these barriers experience. So that's pandas right so that's just how you can slice and dice, how we can
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, do the data that with with Panda data frames. Now I'm sure you know pie, and then we'll be done right. So I'm gonna use the non pie low tax to load the red line data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So me minimize this here. Sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry. So now I listen to this one part why MP. If I press the tide. You can see it's an empire right if I go back here you can see up here. We're out of line by he sees in the array. It's got two dimensions, x and y.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Axis one but
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then I can slice with these with the non partisan sites. It's pretty easy using these ranges. Right. So you just take your non pie heroes in your in your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Columns savage rose colored columns and this case, what I'm doing is I'm slicing my ya into x and x which is the independent variable.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Independent variables. And while I was spending variable in this case by intention of variable is the last column. And so I just noticed because we get the data. Right. So if I look in
MS Analytics Class 2021: The rain. No, no, my room is the text. I don't have column and they're trying. They're just lightweight fast and I have overhead and all this stuff. Right. So in this case, my last column is my
MS Analytics Class 2021: My prediction for the quality right 3456 whatever
MS Analytics Class 2021: So there's I can slice and create my ex my pie slice and craving. Why are you the same things up here like so. I'll show you the data frame. So if you could paint a data frames and identify
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's the same thing you're doing here. When you're striking the columns so I can use these high locks or I can use the actual names to extract out my columns of split maximizing make sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if we go back down here to the non Pio rate. So now I split my some why I can actually say, Okay, now how do I create a
MS Analytics Class 2021: A non Pio rate from a data frame so I can use an empty array passing data frame. And so this is taking and taking that line.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Panda data frame that builds is giving me the inside, you started by saying, hey,
MS Analytics Class 2021: Give me an empire right from this data frame and using this drop command access to say dropout call quality, hence my my wider when dependent variable.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like a drop it out. I'm just showing you different ways to slice and dice data don't pie with different right I might say, you can use all these different methods, right, the US, Canada, but your mainframe in the industry. I want to split it up by location numbers or
MS Analytics Class 2021: Phrases all younger she calls and, you know, and you're just use the names of the columns do that but like some other ways to this issues now apply
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your data don't pie slice it this way, not apply if you want to take a data frame from the pandas converting it to my writings is empty. Right. So, this
MS Analytics Class 2021: Gives me my Xperia most of the drop off the quality call the so it's just getting my quality because I'm just saying extract out the pain is data from college.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so like if I come in here and look for my x and y. And you can see this is my access. So this is my array has those 10 columns. I felt like why this is my discipline one white cotton right
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then if you want to create a data frame from an open rate, you can use a painless data frame from records passing it on pirate
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then, this gives me a data frame. But if I couldn't go to
MS Analytics Class 2021: My column headers and just zero P one is just the index, right, because I didn't have another name for the headers. So then I can just use the DF columns function to add my headers.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So let's see.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now I come back to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Come and look at my BF framework here. Now you can see now I have my headers calm and make sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, and then, finally, your histogram from a non Pio re you know Instagram.
And get this, sorry.
Sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is just printing the histograms or bands and they're not very useful.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, that's just some things. And lastly, I actually showed us earlier, I can use Python dictionaries for you. Correct. This dictionaries ahead a column called fix it. Here's values velocity. There's a bias.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I create that dictionary. And then I did this earlier, but I just wanted to point out loud is actually going down and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then I can say, okay, use this wine. So use this campaign data frame passage and dictionary, I can say, hey, call me names or this so I run this. This is a quick way to take a dictionary.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And created today. And so regional I'm showing this one is sometimes when you're dealing with really, really large data sets, we've
MS Analytics Class 2021: We've had lots of times of creating dictionaries have those data sets and loading them in two days. I haven't personally had that problem. But I'm always able to load. Most days I'm dealing with strangers data framework.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But so does that make sense only at this point out real quick. Most of the time you're guilty innovative things in this this the things ism for slicing and dicing
MS Analytics Class 2021: I lock your door by the index on the column right and so it's RO comma columns and you can have ranges three rows and columns or a slice or do you want to slice columns, you can use the actual column names if you have them. The data frame to
MS Analytics Class 2021: Make sense
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just play with it. Yeah, it's probably good that I think will be good to start with the first version will work to get up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The content market setting up create the animal, you know, the attorney that will cover the rest of stuff next week.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That the bottom part of where you actually create your Savior data sets and do this and then play with this data frames. I think
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think will be helpful if you play with this file, and then what I will suggest is, go find your own CSV file or your own
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know file. Read it into your credit in Python file. Read it into a panel data frame slice and dice it up, get used to that. And because if you go look at the homework assignment. I'm asked to do is go find a person
MS Analytics Class 2021: Accountable or go go go go to the web to find yourself a data center from a previous class, go find a data set that has a Y axis. And then the next part your homework I have you split those lines and access apart and
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then take the code I gives you put your data in there and and and make the make the code zero, right. And so I think what would be really good. And actually, not being helpful some color.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yeah, sounds like I'm just trying to lay this out, like, hey, I covered all actually feel a little better because last year I think about it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, I didn't get to really talk about payments, don't I kind of made the assumption because they had a summary that they remember
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so take this file play with it. Go to Google, you know, go to research the Go, go to those links I sent you that show you this little tutorials for payment them pies and Panda.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And play with it this week and then you know i'll i'll talk about and I will talk about, I think that the cover in the homework session on Monday.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But don't feel like going to come. Like, I'm not going to cover it next week, I am
MS Analytics Class 2021: I will cover it again, but also if you come on Monday, and you're like, Hey, I'm starting to get hot thing I had to shoot
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, we'll work through that I was trying to get my con environment setup for work to that and like, you don't have to wait to my night because I'll show you this last slide. And then we'll be done.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That's my cell phone. Don't call me only because I haven't hear your story, my phone. Well, if I'm your project codes are probably do, but a carrot can tell you text me is the best way to go right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So everybody knows well you know or text me and I usually recommend most
MS Analytics Class 2021: I even recommend sending me an email with screenshots and your question and the earth shattering and then text me and say, Hey Jamie, I just sent you a email but the air. I'm having any take a look at look at it, let me know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I'll have that text to know and go and look at my email, don't look at it. But, you know, sometimes it's good to have that
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then I will look at and I'll shoot you back a note and if it's something that we need to
MS Analytics Class 2021: The meat off and talk about it. We can do the homework and if you're not available. Do it. Then we'll find a time to do it at the time. So your ass. So, don't, don't be shy. Text me. You know, everybody has been texting rating or cost money. So please text me email me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then if you get stuck on anything.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That six four classes. Thanks for coming. Any questions before we leave notes. What few minutes all over it would
MS Analytics Class 2021: Look like. It can be fun.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I said, you have to go. And so if you want to be brave. You can let go of asking you doing the homework and you can see the code that's out there. And these are playing with it right and start trying to create it, but
MS Analytics Class 2021: I'll go to Howard back and we just so that you know like I showed it actually will convert back and update that assignment thing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Tomorrow,
Wilson Pineda: Hey Jamie, um, I just want to say that. Thank you. Every mean of worth, it was an excellent class. I really appreciate it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh, thank you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Class tomorrow play a lot of fun.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So cool, making the cloud with easy way to show you how to run
MS Analytics Class 2021: A file trigger Cooper daddy's cluster and Azure and deploy your, your, your
MS Analytics Class 2021: Docker containers up into so
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right.